[每日一练](https://www.educity.cn/tiku/dp106110011434-1.html)
[试题库](https://www.educity.cn/tiku/stk106110011434-1.html)

单项选择题：共 30 小题，共 30 分；<br />
匹配填空题：共 10 小题，共 20 分；<br />
名词解释题：共 2 小题。共 10 分；<br />
简答题：共 3 小题，共 30 分；<br />
作文题：共 1 小题，共 10 分。

名词解释题：每题内容4分，语言1分。<br />
简答题：每题内容2分，语言1分。<br />
作文题：内容8分，语言2分。<br />
一般拼写错误不扣分，重大语法错误或者拼写错误引起误解扣语言分。

||历史|国土人民|经济政治|社会文化|合计|
|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|
|UK|`47`|<i style="color:#ccc">3</i>|`20`|39|109|
|US|`48`|<i style="color:#ccc">7</i>|`37`|27|119|
|CA|<i style="color:#ccc">5</i>|`10`|<i style="color:#ccc">0</i>|<i style="color:#ccc">0</i>|15|
|AU| <i style="color:#ccc">0</i>|`17`| <i style="color:#ccc">3</i>| <i style="color:#ccc">0</i>|20|
|NZ| <i style="color:#ccc">4</i>|`12`| <i style="color:#ccc">1</i>| <i style="color:#ccc">0</i>|17|

1. 建立知识树，理清知识点逻辑关系
2. 建立生词库，突破重点生词
3. 整理名词解释和论述题，划出关键词

---

## 网络助学

### 知识点测验

#### Part I the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
##### Chapter 1 Land and People
###### Geographical features(UK)

1. The UK’s only land border with another nation is <u>between Northern Ireland and Ireland</u>
2. The UK is bordered on the <u>south</u> by the English Channel.
3. The UK is bordered on the east by <u>the North Sea</u>.

###### People(UK)

1. The large immigrant communities from the West Indies and South Asia date <u>from the 1950s and 1960s</u>.
2. Many Jews arrived in Britain toward the end of <u>the 19th century and in the 1930s</u>.
3. The foreign-born element of the population is concentrated in inner-city areas, and more than half live in <u>Greater London</u>.

##### Chapter 2 The Origins of a Nation

###### Roman Britain(55BC－410AD)

1. The <u>Romans</u> brought the new religion, Christianity, to Britain.
2. The <u>Romans</u> built a network of towns, mostly walled.
3. British recorded history begins with <u>the Roman invasion </u>

###### The Norman Conquest(1066)

1. <u>The Norman Conquest of 1066</u> is perhaps the best-known event in English history.
2. Under <u>William the Conqueror</u>, the feudal system in England was completely established.
3. Which is not true about the consequences of the Norman Conqueror?
   * The civilization and commerce were extended.
   * The feudal system in England was completely established.
   * Relations with the Continent were opened.
   * <del>The Church was brought into no connection with Rome. </del> The Church was brought into closer connection with Rome, and the church courts were separated from the civil courts.

##### Chapter 3 The Shaping of the Nation（1066-1381）
###### Norman Rule (1066-1154)

1. Under <u>William the Conqueror</u>, the feudal system in England was completely established.
2. At the bottom of the feudal scale were <u>the villeins or serfs</u>.
3. William gave <u>his barons</u> large estates in England in return for a promise of military service and a proportion of the land’s produce.

###### The Great Charter and the Beginning of Parliament

1. Magna Carta had altogether <u>63</u> clauses.
2. <u>King John</u> defied Magna Carta who had raised troops and ravaged the north.
3. Henry Ⅲ filled the most important offices in Church and State with <u>foreign favorites</u>.

##### Charter 4 Transition to the Modern Age（1455－1688）
###### The English Reformation

1. <u>Henry Ⅷ’s</u> reform was to get rid of the English Church’s connection with the Pope and to make an independent Church of England.
2. <u>Mary Tudor</u> is remembered as the monarch who lost the French port of Calais.
3. Which of the following was Not the cause of the English Reformation?
   * A desire for change and reform in the Church had been growing. 
   * The privilege and wealth of the clergy were resented. 
   * Henry needed money. 
   * <del>The foreign country’s invasion</del>

###### The English Renaissance

1. The Renaissance began in <u>England</u> in the early <u>15</u> century.
2. In England, the Renaissance was usually thought of as beginning with the accession of the House of Tudor to the throne in <u>1485</u>.
3. <u>Renaissance</u> was the transitional period between the Middle Ages and Modern Times.

###### James Ⅰ(1603－1625) and Parliament

1. In <u>1620</u> a small group of Puritans, numbering 201, called the Pilgrim Fathers, sailed from Plymouth in the Mayflower, and founded New Plymouth in America.
2. <u>James I</u>, a firm believer in the Divine Right of Kings , a belief held by most European rulers of the time, would have preferred no Parliament at all.
3. <u>James I</u> declared “No Bishop, No King”.

###### Charles Ⅰ(1625－1649) and Parliament

1. <u>The Militia Bill</u> proposed the transfer of military command from the Crown to Parliament.
2. <u>Puritanism</u> were respected nationalists.

##### Chapter 5 The Rise and Fall of the British Empire（1688－Present ）

###### The Industrial Revolution

1. The Radicals were greatly influenced by <u>Jeremy Bentham’s ideals</u> known as “Utilitarianism.”
2. <u>First Earl of Shaftsbury</u> was considered to be the first leader of the Whig Party.
2. Only a handful of Parliamentary members were Radicals, but in <u>the late 18th and early 19th</u> centuries Radicals were active in Parliament spreading radical ideas.

###### Colonial Expansion

1. In the late 18th century Britain acquired vast, underpopulated territories: <u>Canada, Australia, and New Zealand</u>.
2. Canada was ceded to Britain by <u>the 1763 Treaty of Paris</u>.
3. English colonial expansion began with the colonization of Newfoundland in <u>1583</u>.

###### Britain in the 20th Century

1. At the beginning of the 20th century, <u>the newly united German state</u> was emerging as the biggest threat to Britain.
2. By <u>1931</u> Britain was entering the Great Depression.
3. In <u>1911</u> the Parliament Act was passed.

###### Britain in the 21st Century

1. From July to August 2012, the Summer Olympics was held in <u>London</u>.
2. From late 2002, politics in Britain was dominated by <u>Blair’s</u> decision to support military action to oust from power the Iraqi government of Saddam Hussein.
3. In <u>June 2001</u> Blair’s Labor government was reelected with a 167-seat majority in the House of Commons.

##### Chapter 6 Economy
##### Chapter 7 Government and Politics

###### Constitutional Framework(UK)

1. Works of <u>authority</u>, such as Albert Venn Dicey’s Lectures Introductory to the Study of the Law of the Constitution (1885), are also considered part of the constitution.
2. The main elements of the British government are the <u>legislature</u>, the executive, and the judiciary.
3. The British <u>constitution</u>'s basic sources are parliamentary and European Union legislation, the European Convention on Human Rights, and decisions by courts of law.

###### Political Process(UK)

1. Registration of voters is compulsory and carried out <u>annually</u>.
2. All citizens aged <u>18</u> or older are eligible to vote in parliamentary and local elections as well as in elections to the European Parliament.
3. No paid political advertising is permitted on <u>television or radio</u>.

##### Chapter 8 Society and Culture
###### Health and Welfare(UK)

1. Under the Department of Health in England are <u>four</u> regional health directors who oversee area health authorities.
2. All consultations with a general practitioner under the NHS are <u>free</u>.
3. Dentistry, pharmaceutical and ophthalmic services are the only services of the NHS for which charges are levied. <u>Persons under age 16</u> usually exempt.

###### Cultural Life(UK)

1. Widespread changes in the UK's cultural life occurred after <u>1945</u>.
2. <u>London</u> is a world center of popular culture in the 1960s.

#### Part II The United States of America
##### Chapter 9 Land （国土）

###### Land（USA）

1. <u>The Ohio River</u> has been called the American River.
2. The rivers that descend from the eastern slopes of the Rockies flow into <u>the Mississippi and the Gulf of Mexico</u>.
3. The Mississippi proper flows south to <u>the Gulf of Mexico</u>.

###### Climate（USA）

1. In the southeastern United States you can find a <u>humid subtropical</u> climate.
2. The southern part of the Pacific coast in California has a <u>Mediterranean</u> climate with warm, dry summers and moist winters.

##### Chapter 10 Population

###### Immigration(USA)

1. Though immigration had been a familiar aspect of American development throughout the colonial period, the largest immigration movement did not take place until <u>1815</u>.
2. The first immigrants in American history came from <u>England</u> and the Netherlands.

###### African Americans

1. <u>African Americans</u> constitute the second largest racial and ethnic minority in the United States.
2. In 2008, <u>Barack Obama</u> was the first African American to be elected president of the United States.

###### Hispanics

1. Many Hispanics are in lower-paying jobs. The most important obstacle to Hispanic success in the labor market is their <u>low education</u>.
2. The island of Puerto Rico has been an American possession since the Spanish-American war of <u>1899</u>.

###### Indians

1. In <u>1924</u>, Native Americans who were not already US citizens were granted citizenship by Congress.
2. During the <u>19th</u> century, the ideology of Manifest Destiny became integral to the American nationalist movement.
3. In <u>1830</u>, the US Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, authorizing the government to relocate Native Americans from their homelands within established states to lands west of the Mississippi River, accommodating European-American expansion.

##### Chapter 11 History（I）（1492-1900）

###### The Colonial Period

1. The English founded their first permanent settlement on the continent at Jamestown, Virginia, in <u>1607</u>.
2. In 1619 the people of <u>Virginia</u> organized the first representative assembly in America.
3. In <u>1619</u> the people of Virginia organized the first representative assembly in America.

###### Government Under the Confederation (USA)

1. It was not until the federalists agreed to <u>the Bill of Rights Amendments</u> that ratification of the Constitution was assured.
2. The Articles of Confederation was accepted by all the states by March <u>1781</u>.
3. The foundation of the American constitutional system was completed in <u>1791</u>.

###### Growth of the Nation(USA)

1. The final defeat of the Native Americans came in the battle of Wounded Knee in South Dakota in <u>1890</u>.
2. The first railroad to cross the entire country was completed in Utah in <u>1869</u>.
3. In 1890 Congress passed <u>the Sherman Anti-Trust Act</u>, which outlawed practices that allowed trusts to gain a monopoly (complete control) of an industry.

##### Chapter 12 History （Ⅱ）（1900-1945）

###### The Progressive Movement(USA)

1. Pushed by the Progressive Movement, Presidents <u>Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson</u> contributed to the government regulation of economic development.
2. The Muckrakers refer to a group of American reform-minded <u>journalists</u>.
3. Which of the followings is not true about the program of New Freedom?
   * A reduction of tariffs by 10% for the first time since the Civil War. 
   * <del>Use of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act to stop monopolistic business mergers.</del>
   * Making available to farmers loans at low rates. 
   * Adoption of an income tax. 

###### The Great Depression and the New Deal

1. In 1932 the American people chose <u>Franklin D. Roosevelt</u> as their next president who promised a “new deal” to get America out of the depression.
2. Since President <u>Hoover</u> refused to take strong government action to make the economic suffering smaller, the situation worsened quickly.

##### Chapter 13 History （Ⅲ）（1945-Present）

###### Truman Administration and the Cold War

1. When Franklin Roosevelt died in office in April 1945, <u>Harry Truman</u>, his vice president, became president.
2. The open declaration of the containment policy was made by President <u>Truman</u> on March 12, 1949 in a speech to the joint session of Congress.

###### US Support of Chiang Kai－shek and the Korean War

1. The <u>Korean</u> War broke out in June 1950.
2. <u>Chinese Civil</u> War broke out in 1947.

###### The Vietnam War

1. Vietnam got independence in <u>1945</u>.
2. The policy of containment of Communism led the United States into the war in <u>Vietnam</u> which turned out to be the longest war it fought.

###### George H. W. Bush Administration (1989-1993)

1. In December <u>1989</u> George H. W. Bush sent troops to Panama to depose Gen.
2. After a difficult series of primary contests, Vice President <u>Bush</u> won the Republican nomination for the presidency in 1988.

##### Chapter 14 Economy

###### Overview(USA)

1. The economy of <u>the United States</u> is the world’s largest single national economy.
2. The United States’ nominal GDP was about <u>a quarter</u> of nominal global GDP.

###### The US Economy by Sectors(USA)

1. <u>The United States</u> controls almost half of world grain exports.
2. <u>The US</u> leads the world in airplane manufacturing.
3. <u>The United States</u> is the second largest energy consumer in total use.

##### Chapter 15 Government

###### The US Constitution

1. In 1781, the Second Continental Congress adopted <u>the Articles of Confederation</u>.
2. The Articles of Confederation provided that each state had <u>1 vote</u> in Congress.
3. The American Constitution was drawn up in <u>1787</u>.

###### Local Government(USA)

1. City governments are chartered by <u>states</u> in the USA.
2. Typically local elections are <u>nonpartisan</u> in the USA.

##### Chapter 16 Culture

###### Language(USA)

1. According to the 2000 census, there are nearly 30 million native speakers of <u>Spanish</u> in the United States.
2. Although the United States has no official language at the federal level, 28 states have passed legislation making <u>English</u> the official language and it is considered to be the de facto national language.
3. More than <u>300</u> languages besides English have native speakers in the United States — some of which are spoken by the indigenous peoples （about 150 living languages） and others imported by immigrants.

###### Sports(USA)

1. <u>Baseball</u> is the oldest of the major American team sports.
2. The NFL season lasts from <u>September</u> to December, ending with the playoffs and Super Bowl in January and February.

#### Part III Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Republic of Ireland

##### Chapter 17 Canada （I） Land and People

###### Land(Canada)

1. Trade, especially with <u>the United States</u>, is vital to Canada’s economic development.
2. <u>Canada</u> spans six time zones and borders three oceans.
3. <u>Canada</u> is the second largest country in the world in area.

###### Plants and Animals(Canada)

1. The boreal forests of Canada is <u>second</u> in size in the world.
2. By far the most abundant form is boreal, or northern, forest, which accounts for <u>four fifths</u> of the nation’s forested area.

###### Culture(Canada)

1. <u>Alice Munro</u> is awarded the 2013 Nobel Prize in Literature for his/her work as “master of the modern short story.”
2. The first novel set in Canada was The History of Emily Montague（《艾米丽?蒙塔古的历史》）, published in <u>1769</u>.
3. The National Gallery of Canada in <u>Ottawa</u>, dating from 1880, houses the most extensive collection of art by Canadians.

##### Chapter 18 Canada（II）History, Government and Economy

###### History(Canada)

1. The final province, Newfoundland, joined the country in <u>1949</u>.
2. By <u>1608</u> Champlain had reached Quebec.
3. The British defeated the French in this conflict in <u>1763</u> and claimed Canada as part of the British Empire.

###### Economy(Canada)

1. Principally because of <u>climate</u>, almost all of Canada’s cultivated land lies within 500 kilometers of its southern border with the United States.
2. Only approximately <u>5%</u> of Canada’s land surface is cultivated.
3. As Canadians moved from rural areas to cities in the 20th century, the economic importance of <u>agriculture, forestry, and fishing</u> declined.
##### Chapter 19 Australia（Ⅰ）Land and People

###### Australia：Plants and Animals

1. <u>The golden wattle</u> is the floral symbol of Australia and is celebrated on National Wattle Day each year on September 1.
2. In Australia, there are only three species of mammals that lay eggs in the world.The most famous is the <u>platypus</u>.
3. Which animal is not belong to Australia?
   * koala
   * wombat
   * <del>panda</del>
   * wallaby

###### Culture(Australia)

1. Drinking and <u>gambling</u> are major components of popular culture in Australia.
2. Australians' <u>wine</u> consumption grew greatly in the late 20th century.
3. <u>Australians</u> in search of leisure pastimes often visit their nearby beaches.

##### Chapter 20 Australia（II）History, Government and Economy

###### History(Australia)

1. <u>Arthur Phillip</u> became the first governor of the colony.
2. In of Australia history, by the late 1800s the six separate colonies each had an elected assembly. In <u>1901</u> they became states when they joined together to form a federation.
3. In <u>1942</u> Japanese planes bombed several Australian cities.

###### Government(Australia)

1. The Family Court was established in <u>1976</u>
2. The secret ballot, universally known as the Australian ballot, was first used in Victoria in <u>1856</u>.
3. The South Australian government was the first in the world to adopt suffrage for all <u>adult males</u>.

###### Agriculture, Forestry, and Fishing

1. Much of the world’s wool comes from <u>Australia</u>.
2. <u>Wheat</u> is Australia’s primary crop.

###### Services

1. About <u>one in seven</u> jobs in Australia is in retail trade.
2. The largest component of the Australian economy is the <u>service</u> sector.

##### Chapter 21 New Zealand（Ⅰ）Land and People

###### Geography(New Zealand)

1. The South Island of New Zealand is halfway between the equator and <u>the South Pole</u>.
2. New Zealand is a nation of islands in <u>the South Pacific Ocean</u>.

###### Plants and Animals(New Zealand)

1. New Zealand boasts giant land snails and the world’s heaviest insect, <u>the weta</u>.
2. Unique to the nation, <u>kiwis</u> are the source for a common nickname for New Zealanders.
3. In the absence of predatory mammals, New Zealand was a paradise for <u>birds</u>, including the now-extinct moas.

###### Population(New Zealand)

1. New Zealand was first settled by the ancestors of the Maori, perhaps in the <u>late 1200s</u>.
2. Beginning with the voyages of Capt. <u>James Cook</u> in 1769-1779, the British established close links with New Zealand.
3. Which of the followings is Not true about the languages and religions of New Zealand?
   * New Zealand is predominantly an English-speaking country. 
   * Since 1987 both English and Maori have been official languages. 
   * The Maori language has survived but is endangered. 
   * <del>New Zealand has two official religions.</del>

##### Chapter 22 New Zealand（Ⅱ）Economy, Government and Culture

###### Economy(New Zealand)

1. New Zealand has more than <u>10</u> times as many sheep as people.
2. In New Zealand wool and meat exports are now less important than they were in the <u>1900s</u>.
3. About <u>a third</u> of New Zealand’s export earnings come from sales of dairy products and the meat of sheep and cattle.

###### Cultural and Social Developments(New Zealand)

1. In New Zealand child allowances were introduced in the <u>1920s</u>.
2. In New Zealand, all citizens over age <u>65</u> are granted an income of 65% of the average after-tax wage.
3. <u>New Zealand</u> has one of the oldest social security systems in the world.

##### Chapter 23 The Republic of Ireland（Ⅰ）Land and People

###### Geographical Features(Ireland)

1. <u>The River Shannon</u> is the largest river in Ireland.
2. The highest peak is <u>Carrantuohill</u>.

###### People(Ireland)

1. Since the conversion to Christianity, <u>Roman Catholicism</u> has been the island’s principal religion.
2. In Northern Ireland, <u>English</u> is the de facto official language.
3. Language shift during the <u>19th</u> century replaced Irish with English as the first language for a vast majority of the population.

##### Chapter 24 The Republic of Ireland（Ⅱ）History, Government and Economy

###### Historical Background（Ireland）

1. In 1918, a political group known as Sinn Fein established an independent Irish Parliament under its leader, <u>Eamon de Valera</u>.
2. In <u>1801</u> the Act of Union joined Great Britain and Ireland into the United Kingdom.
3. On Easter Monday in 1916, a group calling for independence staged an armed uprising in <u>Dublin</u>.

###### Government(Ireland)

1. Executive power is vested in the <u>prime minister</u>, who heads the cabinet and presides over its meetings.
2. The local government system comprises <u>5</u> county borough corporations.
3. Which of the followings is NOT true about the constitutional framework of Ireland?
   * The president normally acts on the advice of the government. 
   * The president consults an advisory Council of State in the exercise of certain functions.
   * <del>The president is not eligible for reelection for a second term.</del>
   * There are two houses of the Oireachtas. 

### 阶段测验

##### 阶段测验一（Chapter 1-Chapter 5）

1. French rights were guaranteed by <u>the Quebec Act of 1774</u>.
2. The Independent Labor Party was led by <u>Keir Hardie</u>.
3. The real “revolution” in textiles was in <u>1770</u> when power- driven machinery was introduced.
4. <u>Britain</u> was the first country to industrialize.
5. The Lollards went about preaching the equality of men before God, the most famous one being <u>John Ball</u>.
6. In 1356 at <u>Poitiers</u> the English won another victory over the French King who was taken prisoner and held to ransom.
7. Domesday Book was completed in <u>1086</u>.
8. William gave <u>his barons</u> large estates in England in return for a promise of military service and a proportion of the land’s produce.
9. In <u>1707</u>, the name Great Britain came into being.
10. The English Civil War is generally regarded as the beginning of modern <u>world</u> history.
11. The Renaissance was typified by <u>Leonardo da Vinci</u>.
12. <u>James I</u> of England was the first of the Stuarts to take the throne.
13. <u>Alfred</u> is known as “the father of the British navy”.
14. In <u>597</u> St. Augustine became the first Archbishop of Canterbury.
15. <u>The Anglo-Saxons</u> laid the foundations of the English state.
16. The <u>Roman</u> had no impact on the language or culture of ordinary Britons.
17. Roe deer are found in <u>the woodlands of Scotland and southern England</u>.
18. As a result of the rainfall distribution in Britain there is a water surplus in <u>the north and west</u>.
19. The UK is an island country which lies between latitude <u>50° to 60°</u> north.
20. The narrowest part of the English Channel is called <u>the Straits of Dover</u>.

##### 阶段测验二（Chapter 6-Chapter 12）

1. <u>The Nineteenth Amendment</u> to the Constitution, adopted in 1919, gave women the right to vote.
2. In the presidential election of 1860, <u>Abraham Lincoln</u> became the new president.
3. The first American general election was held in <u>1788</u>.
4. In September 1774, the First Continental Congress was held in <u>Philadelphia</u> which encouraged Americans to refuse to buy British goods.
5. The <u>first</u> population movement was between the end of the civil war and 1880 when the westward movement came to a halt.
6. The Immigration and Nationality Act of <u>1965</u>, also known as the Hart-Cellar Act, abolished the system of national-origin quotas.
7. The total fertility rate in the United States for 2013 was <u>1.87</u> children per woman, which was below the replacement fertility rate of approximately 2.1.
8. In 1911 <u>Glenn E. Curiss</u> designed and flew a successful plane.
9. <u>The Midwest</u> is America’s most important agricultural area.
10. The satellite and cable market is dominated by <u>BSkyB</u>.
11. The modern game of <u>football</u> is generally accepted to have originated in England.
12. The independent Arts Council, formed in <u>1946</u>, supports many kinds of contemporary creative and performing arts.
13. The Community Health Service has <u>three</u> functions.
14. All hospital treatment under the NHS is <u>free</u>.
15. By contrast, the UK has larger energy resources—including <u>oil, natural gas, and coal</u> —than any other EU member.
16. The UK has <u>no</u> national police force or any minister exclusively responsible for the police.
17. Community councils perform a similar role in Wales, whereas community councils in Scotland are voluntary and consultative bodies with <u>few</u> statutory powers.
18. The Law Lords include <u>12</u> judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature(the Court of Appeal and the High Court of Justice), who are all also life peers.
19. The present Sovereign is Queen Elizabeth II. Elizabeth was born in London and educated privately at home. Her father acceded to the throne as George VI in <u>1936</u> on the abdication of his brother Edward VIII, from which time she was the heir presumptive.
20. The Panama Canal opened in <u>1914</u>.

###### 阶段测验三（Chapter 13-Chapter 18）

1. <u>Ice hockey</u> is Canadian in tradition and leadership, and it remains one of the country’s favorite winter sports.
2. <u>Christianity</u> is the principal religion in Canada.
3. <u>English and French</u> is/are official languages of Canada.
4. In a wide belt between the Canadian Shield and the western mountains, stretching from the border with the United States to the shores of the Arctic Ocean, is the region known as <u>the Interior Plains</u>.
5. <u>Ice hockey</u> is the fourth leading professional team sport.
6. To a lesser degree in the early <u>21st</u> century, film types that were previously considered to have only a minor presence in the mainstream movie market began to arise as more potent American box office draws.
7. The cinema of <u>the United States</u>, often generally referred to as Hollywood.
8. The <u>Lumiere</u> Brothers are generally regarded as the father of modern cinema.
9. The provincial legislatures are elected for <u>five-year</u> terms.
10. The Supreme Court of Canada was established by the federal government in <u>1875</u>.
11. Jacques Cartier entered the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and claimed the area for <u>France</u>.
12. John Cabot found his way to <u>eastern Canada</u>.
13. In April 1992 racial tensions exploded into severe rioting in parts of <u>Los Angeles</u>.
14. Reagan's proposed Strategic Defense Initiative was designed to protect the population of the United States against potential nuclear attacks from <u>the Soviet Union</u>.
15. On February 22, 1946, <u>George Kennan</u>, a high-ranking official in the American embassy to Moscow, sent a long telegram to the State Department, analyzing Soviet intention and putting forward suggestions.
16. World WarⅡ finally ended in September <u>1945</u>.
17. Which of the followings is NOT true about Interest Groups?
    * Business organizations will favor low corporate taxes.
    * Labor unions will support minimum wage legislation.
    * <del>Ethnic groups will support protection for collective bargaining.</del>
    * PACs today number in the thousands.
18. Which of the followings is NOT true about Party?
    * the Constitution makes no provisions for political parties.
    * <del>America has a one-party system.</del>
    * no one can hope to win any election if he does not have a party to back him.
    * American politics is party politics.
19. The president holds office for <u>four years</u> now in the USA.
20. If the president dies, resigns, or is removed from office, <u>the vice president</u> becomes president.

###### 阶段测验四（Chapter 19-Chapter 24）

1. <u>Dublin</u> is the capital of Ireland. It is the center of the country’s economy and culture.
2. Perhaps the most prominent Irish-born artist of the postwar period was <u>Francis Bacon</u>, who became known for his brutal figurative paintings.
3. <u>Massachusetts</u> is the most Irish of US states with 23.8% of the population claiming Irish ancestry.
4. Much of the world’s wool comes from <u>Australia</u>.
5. The Australian federal government is largely funded through <u>income taxes</u>, which it alone has the right to collect.
6. The secondary school system comprises private schools that are predominantly owned by <u>religious communities</u>.
7. Ireland entered into the European Communities in <u>1973</u>.
8. The Industrial Development Authority, established in the 1950s, encouraged <u>new industry from abroad</u>.
9. The country’s head of state, the president, is elected directly by the public for a term of <u>7</u> years.
10. Ireland has been inhabited for about <u>8000</u> years.
11. Wellington is located at the <u>southern</u> tip of the North Island.
12. Three fourths of New Zealanders live on the <u>North Island</u>.
13. The average maximum temperature in <u>Auckland</u> is 23℃ in summer, 14℃ in winter.
14. New Zealand became a fully independent country in <u>1947</u>.
15. There is universal suffrage for those <u>18</u> years of age and older New Zealand.
16. New Zealand has a parliamentary form of government based on the <u>British</u> model.
17. <u>Melbourne</u> is Australia’s second largest city in terms of population, but it has always vied with Sydney in terms of size, culture, and influence.
18. <u>Eucalyptus trees</u>, which are often called gums, are common in the highlands of the south and along the edges of the deserts.
19. <u>Australia</u> is the flattest, most arid, and least populated of the inhabited continents.
20. <u>Australia</u> is sometimes called “the land down under”.

## Part I the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

### Chapter 1 Land and People

`The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland`

Great Britain: `England`, `Scotland`, `Wales`

The capital is `London`

`Birmingham`, `Liverpool`, `Manchester` in England, `Edinburgh`, `Glasgow` in Scotland, `Cardiff`, `Swansea` in Wales, Belfast, `Londonderry` in Northern Ireland.

Water border: `English Channel`, `North Sea`, `Irish Sea`, `Atlantic Ocean`

#### I. Geographical Features

The discovery of oil in `the North Sea` has made the UK self-sufficient in oil.

`Thames` is the most famous river which flows through London, but the longest river is `Severn`.

The largest lake in **Great Britain** is `Loch Lomond`, the largest lake in **UK** is `Lough Neagh`

#### II. Climate

`Maritime` climate, 3 facts:
1. Surrounding `waters`
2. Prevailing southwest `winds`
3. Warm `current`

The `smog` that occurred in London in 1952...

#### III. Plant and Animal Life

`Oak` tree
#### IV. People

`Germanic` tribes: Angles, Saxons, Jutes

`Germanic dialects`

Established churches in Britain:

- The church of `England`
- The church of `scotland`

> Urbanization [ˌɜːbənaɪˈzeɪʃn]

By any standard the UK is among the most urbanized of countries, `9` of every 10 people lives in town. ⭐

"black country" with polluted skies and
grimy buildings: `Birmingham`

### Chapter 2 The Origins of a Nation

#### I. Early Settlers in Britain（5000 BC-55 BC）

3000BC- `The Iberians`

5000BC- `The Beaker Folk`, now known as `Holland` and the `Rhineland`

500BC- `The Celts` *名词解释*

* The Celts came to Britain in three main waves: The **Gales**, the **Brythona** and the **Belgae**.
* The Celts were **practiced farmers**. 
* The Celts tribes are **ancestors** of the **Highland Scots**, the **Irish** and the **Welsh**.
* Their **languages** are the **basis** of both **Welsh and Garlic**.
* Their **religion** was **Druidism**. 

#### II. Roman Britain（55BC-410AD）

55BC`-`410AD`, Britain was under the Roman occupation, `but it was never a total occupation`. 2 reasons:
* Some parts of the country `resisted`.
* Roman troops were often withdrawn from Britain to `fight in other parts` of the Roman Empire. 


1. Early Setters in Britain 早期的不列颠居民
2. The Iberians /aɪ'bɪəriən/ 伊比利亚人
3. The Beaker Folk /fəʊk/ 宽口陶器人
4. The Celts /kelt/ 凯尔特人
5. The Anglo-Saxons /aŋɡləʊˈsaks(ə)n/ 盎格鲁-撒克逊人
6. Teutonic tribes /tjuː'tɒnɪk/ /traɪb/ 日耳曼部落
7. St. Augustine /ɔːˈɡʌstɪn/ 圣·奥古斯丁
8. Canterbury /'kæntəb(ə)rɪ/ 坎特伯雷(英国一城市)
9. the Heptarchy /'heptɑːkɪ/ 七国时代
10. The Viking /'vaikiŋ/ and Danish Invasions 北欧海盗和丹麦入侵者
11. Alfred /'ælfrɪd/ the Great 阿尔弗雷德大帝
12. the Danelaw /'deinlɔ:/ 丹麦律法
13. Bede’s /bi:d/ Ecclesiastical /ɪ,kliːzɪ'æstɪk(ə)l/ History of the English People 比德的英吉利人教会史
14. Canute /kə'nju:t/ 卡纽特(10 世纪时的丹麦王)
15. The Norman Conquest 诺曼征服
16. Willian, Duke of Normandy 威廉，诺曼底公爵
17. King Harold 哈罗德国王


- Recorded history
- Built a network of towns
- Developed natural resources
- Brought Christianity

had no impact on the language or culture

- Britons = slaves
- Did not intermarry

#### III. The Anglo-Saxons（安格鲁撒克逊人）（446-871）

> Teutonic
> Christianity

Three `Teutonic` tribes

- `Jutes`
- `Saxons`
- `Angels`

7 Kingdom

- Kent: Jutes
- Wessex: Saxons
- Essex: Saxon
- Susses: Saxon
- Mecia: Angles
- East Anglia: Angles
- Northumbia: Angles

- Tiu: Tuesday
- Woden: Wednesday
- Thor: Thursday
- Freya: Friday

Influence

- Brought the `Teutonic religion` (Wed, Tues, Fri, Thur)
- Converted to `Christianity`
- Laid the foundations of the English states

In `597`, `St. Augustine` became the `Archbishop` in Kent.

#### IV. The Viking and Danish Invasions

`Alfred the Great`, he was the `king` of Wessex, `the father of the British navy`

- reorganized the `army`
- established the `navy`
- encouraged `learning`
- established `schools`
- formulated a `legal system`

#### V. The Norman Conquest（诺曼征服）（1066）

> piety
> Confessor

King Edward, known because of his piety as the Confessor

`William`, Duke of Normandy

But the Witan chose Harold as King

The `Norman Conquest` of `1066` is perhaps is the best-known event in English history

William `confiscated` almost all the land and gave it to his Norman followers, the `feudal` system was `completely established`

### Chapter 3 The Shaping of the Nation（1066-1381）

#### Ⅰ. Norman Rule

> baron

In feudal system, the `king owned all` the land personally, who gave his barons large estates in England in return for a promise of `military service` and a proportion of `the land's produce`

The bottom of feudal scale were `villeins` and `serfs`, unfree peasants who were little better slaves.

William replaced the Witan, the council of Anglo-Saxon kings, with `the Grand Council`

`Domesday Book` was completed in `1086`. It was the result of a general surgery of England made in 1085, `in order to have a reliable record of his land, his tenants and their possession and to discover how much his tenants could be called upon to pay by way of taxes`.

#### II.The Great Charter and the Beginning of Parliament

#### III.The Hundred Years' War with France（1337-1453）

The causes were partly `territorial` and partly `economic`

In 1337 `Edward III` declared a war.

By 1453 `Calais` was only part of France that was still in the hands of English.

The expulsion of the English from France is regarded as `a blessing for both countries`

#### IV. The Black Death （1347-1350）and the Peasant Uprising （1381）

The Black Death was the modern name given to the deadly `bubonic plague`, an `epidemic disease` spread by `rat fleas`

It spread though `Europe` in `14th century`, particularly in 1347-1350

It killed `between 1/2 and 1/3` of the population of England

The `economic consequences` of the Black Death were `farreaching`

- much land was left untended
- terrible shortage of labour
- change arable to sheep-farming
- `peasants had better power of bargaining`

`Poor priests and itinerant preachers`, `the abolition of villeinage`, `paving the way for the development of capitalism`

### Charter 4 Transition to the Modern Age（1455－1688）

#### Ⅰ.Transition

#### Ⅱ.Reformation

`Henry VIII` was `above all responsible` for the religious reform of the Church. Reasons:

- `a desire` for change and reform in the Church had been growing for many years
- the privilege and wealth of the clergy were `resented`
- Henry needed `money`

The `divorce` case with `Catherine`

Purpose:

- get rid of `Papal interference`
- make an `independent church` of England
- get rid of the English Church's `connection of Pope`

Bloody Mary. When Mary Tudor became Queen, at least `300 Protestants` were burnt as heretics

#### Ⅲ.Elizabeth Ⅰ（1558－1603）（伊丽莎白一世）

`25` and `remained single`

Elizabeth I's reign was a time of

- confident `English nationalism`
- great achievements in `literature` and `other arts`, in `exploration` and `battle`

turbulent with the Parliament

5 personal and private questions:

- religion
- finance
- marriage
- succession to the throne
- foreign policy

A compromise of views

- broke Mary's ties with Rome
- restored her father's independent Church
- outward conformity & free opinion

Unacceptable by Puritans & Catholics

France & Spain

The destruction of Spanish Armada showed England's `superiority as naval power`

#### IV. The English Renaissance （文艺复兴）

in `1485`

The word `Renaissance` is from `French`, meaning "rebirth" , and was first applied by the `Swiss` historian Jakob Burckhardt in 1860

The English Renaissance was largely `literary`, it archived its finest expression in the so-called `Elizabethan drama`

Elizabethan drama began to excel only in `the last decade of the 16th century` and reached its height `in the first 15 years of the 17th century` (`1590-1615`)

William Shakespeare is `the greatest writer` in the English language

Christopher `Marlowe` and Ben `Jonson`

#### V. James I （1603－1625） and Parliament

#### VI.Charles I（1625－1649） and Parliament

#### VII.Civil Wars （1642－1651）

The conflict between `the King and the Parliament`, 1642-1651

`Roundhead vs Knight`

Roundhead:

- yeoman farmers
- middle-class townspeople
- artisans

`Puritan Revolution`

It's generally regarded as `the beginning of modern world history`

#### VIII. The Commonwealth （英联邦）（1649－1660）

`Oliver Cromwell` and the "Rump" declared England a `Commonwealth`

Oliver Cromwell became `the Lord Protector`

the British `Monarchy` was broken between `1649 and 1660`

There are `50` countries within the The Commonwealth(1991).

#### IX. The Restoration（王朝复辟） and the Glorious Revolution（光荣革命） of 1688

> restoration

Charles II came to the throne in `1660`

The parliament passed a series of severe laws called `the Clarendon Code` against the Puritans

James II was removed from English throne because `he was a Catholic`

After `William and Mary` were crowned jointly in Westminster Abbey on their acceptance of `the Bill of Rights`, the age of constitutional monarchy began.

It was during the reign of `Anne` that the name `Great Britain` came into being in `1707`

### Chapter 5 The Rise and Fall of the British Empire（1688－Present ）

#### I.The Industrial Revolution

Whigs - Liberal party

- opposed absolute monarchy
- supported the right to religious freedom

`Tories` - `Conservative party`

- supported hereditary monarchy
- opposed Parliamentary reforms

Agricultural Changes

- `open-field system` -> a system of crop rotation
- artificial fertilizer
- new agricultural machinery

`The Industrial Revolution`, in the `late 18th and early 19th` centuries

- `the mechanization of industry`
- `social` and `economic` organization changes

**James Hargreaves** invented `spinning jenny` in 1764

`James Watt` modified and improved the design of the `steam engine` in 1765

- Britain became `the workshop of the world`
- `Luddites` tried to destroy the hated machines

#### II.The Chartist Movement （宪章运动）（1836－1848）

In Britain, `the Reform Act of 1832` abolished "rotten boroughs" _选择题_

起草人：`the London Working Men's Association` _选择题_
诉求：

1. `The vote for all adult males`
2. `Equal electoral districts`
3. `Voting by secret ballot`

意义： _选择题_

1. the first nationwide `working class` movement
2. `gradual reform`

#### III.Trade Unions and the Labor Party （工会和工党）

_选择题_
`The Trade Union Act of 1871` legalized the trade unions and gave them financial security in the UK.

#### IV.Colonial Expansion（殖民扩张）

_选择题_
`Canada` was ceded to Britain by the 1763 Treaty of Paris after the Seven Years' war.

#### V.Britain in the 20th Century

##### Britain and World War I

_选择题_

战前：at `Sarajevo` on June 28, `1914`, the `Austrain` Crown Prince was assassinated

战时：

- 协约国 `Allies`：`Britain`, `France` and `Russia`
- 同盟国：Germany, Italy and Austria-Hungary

战后：`The League of Nations` was established

##### Britain and World War II

_选择题_

- 战前：`Neville Chamberlain` adopted `appeasement policy` to Nazi Germany
- 战时：`Winston Churchill` led Britain in the crisis
- 战后：Britain lost about `250,000` lives during the war (_less than the First World War_)

_选择题_ 两次世界大战的影响
The `two world wars` caused the decline of the British Empire

#### VI. Britain in the 21st Century （21 世纪的英国）

_选择题_
In `2011`, Britain put an end to its tradition that the crown was only bestowed on a daughter when there were no sons in the royal family.

_选择题_
On July 7, 2005, London was struck by `a terrorist bombing`, Britain's worst attack since World Was II.

### Chapter 6 Economy

_选择题_
In the UK, `service` industries now provide about two-thirds of the GDP and three-fourths of total employment.

_选择题_
According to 2013 statistics, the UK has the `sixth-largest` national economy in the world measured by nominal GDP.

_选择题_
In the UK, `steam power` provides most of the country's electricity.

_简答题_
What cultural treasures make the UK a popular tourism destination?
The cultural treasures such as `historic castles, museums and theatres` make the UK a popular tourism destination.

_简答题_
How important is trade in the UK's economy?
Trade has long been `vital` to the UK's economy. The total value of imports and exports represents nearly `half the country's GDP`.

### Chapter 7 Government and Politics

#### I. Constitutional Framework （宪法框架）

Currently, `Queen Elizabeth II` is the head of state of the UK.

British constitution is made up of `statute law, common law and conventions`.

The `lord chancellor` is a member of all three branches of the British government.

#### II. Parliament

What are the main functions of the British Parliament? _简答题_

- They are `law-making`, `authorizing taxation` and `public expenditure`, and `examining the actions of the Government`.

`The parliament` has the ultimate authority for law-making in Britain.

The maximum duration of a Parliament in the U.K. is `five years`.

The heir to the British throne is `Prince Charles`, the eldest son of Queen Elizabeth II.

`The Queen` has the power to declare war and make peace in the U.K.

The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy. The head of State is a king or a queen. In practice, `the Sovereign reigns but does not rule`.

Constitutional Monarchy _名词解释题_<br />
`A constitutional monarchy is a governmental system in which the head of State is a king or a queen who reigns but does not rule.`

What is the House of Lords made up of? _简答题_<br />
The House of Lords is made up of `the Lords Spiritual` and `the Lords Temporal`.

The leader of the House of Lords is `the Lord Chancellor`.

The Lords Temporal in Britain's House of Lords consists of all the:

- life peers
- hereditary peers
- Lords of appeal of "law lords"

In the UK, the role of the final court of appeal goes to `Law Lords`.

The House of Commons `名词解释题`<br /
The House of Commons is a part of Parliament, and its members are elected by `universal adult suffrage`. It consists of 650 Members of Parliament. It has the ultimate authority in `making laws`.

The House of Commons is headed by `the Speaker`.

The real legislative body in the UK is `the House of Commons`.

In the U.K., government ministers are responsible collectively to `the Parliament` for all Cabinet decisions.

The British Prime Minister lives at `No.10 Downing Street`.

Most bills in the House of Commons are relating to public policy, the great majority of which are government measures introduced by `a Minister`.

What are the three elements of the British Parliament? _简答题_

- `the Crown`
- `the House of Commons`
- `the House of Lords`

#### V. Justice （司法）

#### VI. Political Process

#### VII. Security （安全）

London's Metropolitan Police Force is directly under the control of `the Home Secretary`.

### Chapter 8 Society and Culture

#### Ⅰ. Health and Welfare

"`Resources are scarce`" is a problem of the National Health Service.

What are the three functions of the Community Health Service in the UK? _简答题_

- to provide preventive health services
- to act as a liaison with local government, especially over matters of public health
- to cooperate with local government personal social service departments to enable health and personal care to be handled together whenever possible.

#### III. Education

The oldest university: `Oxford`

Most students in the UK pay for their college education by getting `state-funded grants`.

#### Ⅳ. Cultural Life

The UK's biggest-selling newspaper is `The Sun`.

In the UK, national newspapers are generally divided into two types:

- popular papers
- `quality papers`

#### Ⅴ.Daily Life and Social Customs

#### Ⅵ. Arts

#### Ⅷ. Sports and Recreation

The home of golf is `Scotland`.

## Part II The United States of America

### Chapter 9 Land （国土）

#### Ⅰ. Location and Size

The mainland United States is located between `Mexico` on the `south` and `Canada` on the `north`, and between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.

9.37 million square kilometers, the `fourth` largest country in the world.

`50` states

Two far from the mainland of the United States:

- `Hawaii` lies in the Pacific Ocean
- `Alaska` is in the northwestern corner of North America

Biggest: `Alaska`
Smallest: `Rhode Island`

#### Ⅱ. Land

- Appalachian Mountains
- Rocky Mountains

> <v-dict word="continental"></v-dict>

The tops of the Rocky Mountains are known as the **Continental Divide**.

Lying between the Appalachian Mountains and the Rocky Mountains is one of the world's great continental rivers `the Mississippi`.

The Mississippi has been called `"father of waters"` or `"old man river"`.

> <v-dict word="boundary"></v-dict>

`The Rio Grande River` forms a natural boundary between Mexico and the USA.

The most important lakes in the United States are the Great Lakes.

Why are the Great Lakes are the `economic lifeline` of the `Midwest` in the US? The Great Lakes provide `cheap transportation` for this area; besides, the upper lakes region is a land of `great natural wealth`, and the lower lakes region is a land of `industries`.

The American Ruhr refers to `the Ohio River`.

#### Ⅲ. Climate

> <v-dict word="humid"></v-dict> adj. 潮湿的; 湿热的;

A `humid continental` climate is found in the northeastern part of the country (New England)

The Atlantic and Pacific oceans, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Great Lakes influence its climate.

#### Ⅳ. Geographical Regions （地理区域）

Traditionally from the east to west the United States can be divided into `7` geographical regions.

New England is made up of six states of the northeast, much of the land is mountainous or hilly, and the soil is generally thin and rocky. `The birthplace of Amercia`, `The American War of Independence`.

New England is also well-known for its position in education. `Yale, Harvard, MIT`

Why is New England called the birthplace of America? New England was the first place settled and cultivated by the American pioneers. It was also the chief center of the American War of Independence and the nation's first industrial area.

`The Midwest` is America's most important agricultural area and the nation's leading center of heavy industry.

The biggest city in the U.S is New York.

the New States: Alaska and Hawaii.

### Chapter 10 Population

#### Ⅰ. The American Population

The `third-most` populous country in the world.

`Cailifornia` and `Texas` are the most populous states. `New York` city is the `most populous` city in the United States.

`Arizona, Nevada and Florida` have been the fastest growing states in population.

#### Ⅱ. Immigration（移民）

> <v-dict word="characteristics"></v-dict>

`Mobility` is considered to be one of the characteristics of the American people.

The `first` immigrants in American history came from `England and the Netherlands`.

The largest immigration movement in America did not take place until `1815`.

English oppression and the Potato Famine drove 1.5 million Irishmen from their homeland to the United States in the period between `1845 and 1854`.

The `Western` United States accounting for `14.8%` of foreign-born population in the 1980s.

#### Ⅲ. Population Movement

4 great population movements in the history: _简答题_

1. end of civil war to 1880, from **east coast to west**
2. 1890-1920, from **rural areas to cities**, urbanization
3. 1920-1960, black people from **the south to other area**
4. from 1960s to now, from **Northeast and Central North to the West and the South**(the sunbelt areas)

Why is it said that the American people are always on the move? _简答题_

- It is said that the American people are always on the move from one part of the country to another, from one city to another, from farm to city, from the city to the suburbs.

#### Ⅳ. Racial and Ethnic Groups

- White Americans
- African Americans
- Hispanics
- Asian Americans
- Indians

Today, `white Americans` make up about 72.4% of the total population.

Afro-American history starts in the 16th century, with `Africans` forcibly taken to Spanish and English colonies in North America as `salves`.

In 2008, `Barack Obama` was the first African American to be elected president of the United States.

The Blacks make up about `12.1%` of the total population in the U.S.

`The Indians` lived on the land even before the discovery of the New World.

> <v-dict word="racial"></v-dict> > <v-dict word="ethnic"></v-dict> > <v-dict word="minority"></v-dict>

Why are many American Hispanics in low-paying jobs? _简答题_<br />
It is because of their low education.

### Chapter 11 History（I）（1492-1900）

#### Ⅰ. Discovery of the New World （发现新大陆）

In the late 15th century, `Christopher Columbus`, an `Italian navigator`, thought he could reach India by sailing west. Supported by the Spanish queen, he led his men to sail across the vast ocean in `1492` and reached some small islands in the now West Indian.

> <v-dict word="continent"></v-dict>

Another navigator, `Amerigo Vespucci`, proved that the land was not India, but a new continent. Therefore, the land was named America after him.

How was Amerigo Vespucci associated with American continent? _简单题_

- Amerigo Vespucci proved that the land found by Christopher Columbus in the new West Indies was in fact not India, but a new continent; therefore the land was named America after him.

#### Ⅱ. The Colonial Period

> <v-dict word="permanent"></v-dict> > <v-dict word="settlement"></v-dict>

The English founded their first permanent settlement on the continent at `Jamestown, Virginia` in 1607.

The second English colony to be established in America was `Plymouth`. It was founded by the `Pilgrims` in 1620. They crossed the Atlantic Ocean in a ship called the `Mayflower`.

What is the major reason for many early settlers to come to the English colonies in North America? _简答题_

- Many early settlers came to the English colonies in search of `religious freedom`.

In 1664, the English seized New Netherland in the area of the Hudson River and changed its name to `New York`.

Of the original thirteen British colonies in North America, `Georgia` was the last one to be colonized.

The first representative assembly in America, which was organized by the people of Virginia in 1619, was `the House of Burgesses`.

> <v-dict word="burgess"></v-dict> n. (英)自由民；市民

One of the original thirteen British colonies in America, Pennsylvania was established by `Quakers`.

#### Ⅲ. The American War of Independence （I775-1783） （美国独立战争）

For what purpose did the British government put the Stamp Tax into effect in America? _简答题_

- The British government put the Stamp Tax into effect in order to finance a large army stationed in America.

> <v-dict word="obligation"></v-dict>

No taxation without representation _简答题_

- They declared without their representatives taking part in decision-making, they had no obligation to pay taxes.

In 1774, the first Continental Congress was held in `Philadelphia`, which encouraged Americans to refuse to buy British goods.

**The Declaration of Independence** is a clear explanation of `John Locke'`s political theory.

The great turning point of the American War of Independence occurred at `Saratoga`, where the American troops defeated the British.

Britain recognized the independence of the United States when `the Treaty of Paris` was signed in September `1783`.

On the 30th of April, 1789, George Washington took the oath of office in `New York`, which housed the government.

#### Ⅳ. Government Under the Confederation 联邦下的政府

> <v-dict word="confederation"></v-dict>

`The Articles of Confederation`, accepted by all the states in America by March 1781, was intended for a more permanent and legitimate union of the states.

In 1787, 55 delegates from all the states met at `Philadelphia` to revise the Articles of Confederation.

How did the "`Great Compromise`" resolve the contradictions between the bigger states and the smaller states in 1787 Constitutional Convention in the US? _简答题_

- The "Great Compromise" gave each state an equal vote in the Senate but made representation in the House reflect the size of each state's population.

`The Federalist Papers` can be regarded as the best explanation of the US Constitution.

The American Constitution was finally adopted in 1789 by a narrow margin on the understanding that `a Bill or Rights would be amended` after the Constitution came into force.

#### Ⅴ. The War of 1812 （1812 年战争）

The impact of the War of 1812 on the development of the United States

1. The war made people realize the importance of `a strong national goverment`.
2. The war `strengthened the feeling of national unity` and patriotism.
3. For almost 10 years after the war, the Americans `turned their attention to the development of the western part` of the continent.
4. It made both Britain and the United States realize that their disputes should be solved through negotiation. A shaky peace in 1814 turned into `a lasting peace between the two contries`.

#### Ⅵ. Territorial Expansion and Westward Movement

Their crossing of the Mississippi in the 1790's helped persuade Napoleon to sell the `Louisiana Territory` to the United States for-only 15 million dollars.

Manifest Destiny _名词解释_

- The expansionist movement produced a theory of `Manifest Destiny`. This phrase first appeared in an article written by a Democratic politician John L. O'Sullivan.

The result of the War with Mexico: Mexico was forced to agree to give `California and New Mexico` to the United States.

In 1853, in the `Mexican Purchase`, another 30,000 square miles of Mexican land were added to the territory of the U.S.A.

#### Ⅶ. The American Civil War （1861-1865）

The Emancipation Proclamation _名词解释_

**Abraham Lincoln** was elected President as the candidate of `the Democratic Party`.

- **During the Civil War, President Lincoln** issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 to get more support for the Union at home and abroad. `It abolished slavery and granted freedom to all slaves in the Southern states`.

In 1865, `the Thirteenth Amendment`, which banned slavery, was added to the American Constitution.

The American Civil War ended in April 1865 when Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered to `General Ulysses S. Grant`.

#### Ⅷ. Growth of the Nation

The first railroad to cross the entire country of the US was completed in Utah in `1869`.

The final defeat of the Native Americans came in the battle of Wounded Knee in `South Dakota` in 1890.

By 1893, `the Duryea brothers` had made the first successful gasoline-driven automobile in the US.

In the US `Henry Ford` introduced the assembly line method of making cars.

The first important national labor organization in the US was `the Knights of Labor`.

`The Spanish-American War` began the rise of the United States as a world.

### Chapter 12 History（Ⅱ）（1900-1945）

#### Ⅰ. Economic Development

Mergers

- `Rockefeller`'s Standard Oil Company
- `J. P. Morgan`, by 1900, controlled 100,000 miles or railroad, half the country's total.

With the development of industry and extension of railroad network in the early 20th century in the U.S.A., there appeared `a rapid growth of cities`.

#### Ⅱ. The Progressive Movement（进步运动）

At the turn of the 20th century, a group of reform-minded journalists called `Muckrakers` made investigations and exposed dark sides of the seemingly prosperous American society.

The Progressive Movement, _简答题_ `a movement demanding government regulation of the economy and social conditions`, spread quickly with the support of large numbers of people across the country.

In the early 20th century, `Theodore Roosevelt` actively used _the Sherman Antitrust Act_ to stop monopolistic business mergers in the United States.

**President Wilson** put forward his program of New Freedom and achieved the following:

- `granted women the right to vote`;
- `the passage of the Federal Reserve Act`.

What was the aim of the Progressive Movement in American history? _简答题_

- demanded government regulation of the economy and social conditions.

#### Ⅲ. World War Ⅰ and the United States

After the World War I, the result of the `Paris Conference` was the emergence of the `Versailles Treaty System`.

The Paris Conference was dominated by the Big Four including `the United States, Britain, France and Italy`.

After the conclusion of the First World War, President `Wilson` put forward a program of Fourteen Points, which was praised by many as liberal and progressive.

#### Ⅳ. The United States in the 1920s

> <v-dict word="creditor"></v-dict>

One of the results of WWI to the United States was `it became a creditor nation`.

> <v-dict word="frustration"></v-dict>

The 1920s in the United States has been described by many historians as a period of material `failure` and spiritual `frustration`

> <v-dict word="intolerant"></v-dict>

> <v-dict word="nationalism"></v-dict>

The `Red Scare` in 1919 and 1920 was a typical example of American `intolerant nationalism`.

#### Ⅴ. The Great Depression and the New Deal（大萧条和新政）

In the U.S., the first blow to the stock market came on October 24, 1929, which was called `the black Thursday`.

> <v-dict word="collapse">v. 崩溃/倒塌</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="shrink">v. 收缩</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="rapidly">adv. 迅速地</v-dict>

the Great Depression

- The New York `stock market collapse` was the beginning of the Great Depression. The gross national product(`GNP`) `shrank sharply`. The number of `unemployment` was increasing _rapidly_.

Franklin D. Roosevelt: "This nation asks for action, and action now."

Franklin D. Roosevelt: "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."

**The New Deal** is the program put forward by `President Franklin D. Roosevelt` in 1932 to deal with the Great Depression. Roosevelt made Congress pass a large number of` New Deal acts` and `helped to set up many efficient social economical and financial systems`. The New Deal did `help overcome the most serious economic crisis of the capitalist system` up to that time.

#### Ⅵ. World War Ⅱ and the United States（二战和美国）

The bombing of `Pearl Harbor` changed the whole situation. The nation was formally in war with the `Axis powers`, that is, Germany, Italy and Japan.

1943, Teheran Conference

1945, A decision to set up a world organization, the United Nations, was made at `Yalta Conference`.

1945, Potsdam

Why did the United States change its foreign politics during the Second World War?

- `The bombing of Pearl Harbor` formally involved the US in the war. Then the US set its wartime objectives: `to destroy the Axis powers and establish a new world order`. Therefore, the US coordinated with British and formulated strategies to defeat Germany, and it also cooperated with the Soviet Union to lower its own loss while watching out the Soviet Union's expansion. The guiding principles were to win the war and establish a postwar political structure. In a word, the US adjusted its foreign policies to the changing situations for the sake of `its own interests` with great success.

### Chapter 13 History （Ⅲ）（1945-Present）

#### Ⅰ. Origins of the Cold War （冷战起源）

#### Ⅱ.Truman Administration and the Cold War

On February 22, 1946, `George Kennan` wrote in the telegram that the US policy should be `"a long-term, patient but firm and vigilant containment of Russian expansive tendencies."`

The clash between the Soviet Union and the US during the early stage of the Cold War was over the control of `the Western European countries`.

**Marshall Plan**, _名词解释_ in order to protect **Western Europe** from `possible Soviet expansion`, the United States decided to offer these countries `economic aid`.

In 1947 the Truman Administration decided to provide aid for `Greece and Turkey` to prevent these two countries from falling into the hands of the Soviet Union.

The open declaration of the U.S. containment policy toward the Soviet Union was made by `Harry Truman`.

#### Ⅲ. US Support of Chiang Kai-shek and the Korean War （支持蒋介石和朝鲜战争）

#### Ⅳ. McCarthyism （麦卡锡主义）

Impact of McCarthyism: `aroused full-scale, anti-Communist hysteria`.

#### Ⅴ.The Civil Rights Movement（民权运动）

In the 1960s's Civil Rights Movement, African Americans demanded:

- the equal `right to vote`
- the equal `treatment in education`
- the equal `treatment in transportation`

What role did Martin Luther King play in the Civil Rights Movement?

- `Martin Luther King was America's most famous civil rights leader` with his memorable speech "I have a dream". Under his leadership, black Americans `fought against racial separation and obtained the right to vote`.

Why did over 200,000 people gather in Washington, DC on August 28, 1963?

- For jobs and freedom brought more than 200,000 demonstrators to the Mall near the Lincoln Memorial.

> <v-dict word="demonstrator">n. 示威者；</v-dict>

#### Ⅵ.The Cuban Missile Crisis （古巴导弹危机）

**The Cuban Missile Crisis**: **1962**, the **Soviet Union** sent both offensive and defensive **missiles with nuclear warheads** to Cuba and started building missile sites there. **President Kennedy** decided on the use of naval force to **prevent** military material and arms from getting into Cuba and demanded the removal of the missiles. The crisis finally ended with the Soviet Union accepting American conditions, thus bringing relief to the whole world.

#### Ⅶ. The Vietnam War（越南战争）

After the Geneva Conference on Indochina in 1954 and French withdrawal from Indochina, the United States replaced `France` and became the main force in providing aid for the **South Vietnam puppet** government.

The beginning of American involvement in Vietnam: `Turman's decision to send military aid to Vietnam to support the French`.

> <v-dict word="puppet"></v-dict> n.木偶

The policy of containment of Communism led the United States into the war in `Vietnam` which turned out to be `the longest war` it fought (**1950-1975**).

#### Ⅷ. United States' Relations with China （中美关系）

In February 1972, President `Nixon` visited China.

The Taiwan Relations Act was adopted by the U.S. Congress `soon after the establishment of diplomatic relations with China`.

> <v-dict word="diplomatic"></v-dict> adj.外交的

#### Ⅸ. Reagan Administration （1981-1989）（里根政府）

**Strategic Defense Initiative**: Strategic Defense Initiative(**SDI**) was proposed by President Reagan in **1983**. It was designed to **protect the people of the United States against potential nuclear attacks from the Soviet Union**.

#### Ⅹ.George H.W.Bush Administration （1989-1993）（老布什政府）

#### Ⅺ.The World's Sole Superpower （1992 to Present）（世界唯一超级大国）

"American 2000" is `eliminating drugs and violence at school`.

Why was October 19, 1987 called Black Monday in American history?

- The US stock market suffered **its greatest drop** in history on October 19, 1987 —— since known as Black Monday.

Why did Barack Obama win the Nobel Peace Prize?

- Barack Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize for his extraordinary efforts to **strengthen international diplomacy** and **cooperation** between peoples.

### Chapter 14 Economy

#### Ⅱ.Features of the US Economy （美国经济特征）

The economy of the United States is `the world's largest single national economy`.

**John Maynard Keynes** believed the government could enhance the development of economy by `controlling spending and taxes`.

#### Ⅲ. The US Economy by Sectors （美国经济部门）

The United States has `a free-market economy with a dominant private sector`.

> <v-dict word="dominant">adj. 占支配地位的，占优势的；</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="sector">n.（尤指一国经济的）领域</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="inflation">n. 通货膨胀</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="deficit"></v-dict> n. 赤字；逆差；亏损

The four problems that face the economy of the United States are:

- `unemployment`
- `inflation`
- `financial deficit`
- `trade deficit`

In the automobile industry there are three giants:

- `General Motors`
- `Ford`
- `Chrysler`

Apart from the stagnation, the American economy is now facing another problem of `foreign debts and trade deficit`.

> <v-dict word="stagnation">n. 停滞；萧条</v-dict>

### Chapter 15 Government

#### I. The US Constitution

The **Constitution** of the United States is the **basic instrument** of American government and the supreme law of the land.

The American Constitution is the oldest written constitution in the world. It was `drawn up in 1787` and `went into effect in 1789`.

The U.S Constitution allows the President to give `reprieves` and `pardon` in federal criminal cases.

> <v-dict word="reprieve">n. 缓刑；</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="pardon">n. 赦免；</v-dict>

#### II. Three Branches of Government （政府的三个分支机构）

A federal system of government which has two layers:

1. **central or federal government**
2. **state and local government**

The government is divided into three branches:

1. `the legislative` (makes laws, Congress)
2. `the executive` (carries out laws, President)
3. `the judicial` (evaluates laws, Supreme Court)

What are the distinct characteristics of the US government? _写作题_

- separation of powers, namely, "`checks and balances`"
- the government consists of three branches: `the legislative, the executive, the judicial`
- `a federal system of government`. The power is divided between **the central government** and **the individual state governments**

The President's status makes him the most prominent figure as the `first citizen` and his wife is called the `First Lady`.

The highest duty of the U.S. President is `the execution of the law`.

The leader of the Senate is `the vice president` in the United States.

**The U.S. Presidency**: The U.S. President of the United States is **head of the executive branch**. The **White House** is his official residence. He is head of state **elected by the whole nation**. His status makes him most prominent figure as the **first citizen** and his wife is called the First Lady.

The U.S President cannot veto a law if Congress passes the law again by a `two-thirds` vote.

#### V. Political Parties （政党）

#### VI. Elections and Voting （选举和投票）

Generally, the number of presidential electors in the U.S is `equal to` the number of Senators and Representatives each state has in Congress.

### Chapter 16 Culture

The United States trends towards cultural diversity, pluralism and the image of `a salad bowl`.

`Theodore Dreiser` was the literary representative of American `Naturalists`

> <v-dict word="representative">n. 代表；</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="naturalists">n. 博物学家；自然主义者；</v-dict>

#### Ⅰ. Language

Official language in the state of New Mexico: `Spanish`

In American English, `General American`, a standard dialect, lacks the distinctive feature of any particular region.

**Formal education** in the United States **consists of** `elementary, secondary and higher education`.

**Elementary** and **secondary education** is **compulsory**

> <v-dict word="elementary">adj. 初级的</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="compulsory">adj. 强制性的</v-dict>

Higher education in the United States started with the founding of `Harvard College`.

#### Ⅱ.Religion （宗教）

#### Ⅳ. Literature, Theatre and Music

American music in the first half of the 20th century was famous for `jazz` introduced by African-Americans in the south.

`Eugene O' Neill`, the only American **playwright** to win the Nobel Prize for Literature, is often considered **the father of American drama**.

Mark Twain's masterwork was `The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn`.

#### Ⅴ.Cinema

#### Ⅶ. Sports

`Baseball`, as "the national sport", is the oldest of the major American team sports.

#### Ⅷ. Holidays

America's most important patriotic holiday: `Independence Day`

> <v-dict word="patriotic">adj. 爱国的</v-dict>

**Easter Sunday** is the most important religious holiday for commemorating `the resurrection of Jesus Christ`.

> <v-dict word="resurrection"></v-dict> n.复活

## Part III Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the Republic of Ireland

### Chapter 17 Canada （I） Land and People

#### Overview

`Christianity` is the principal religion in Canada.

#### Ⅰ. Land

_Where did the name "Canada" come from_: It is believed to have come from the native people, the `indians`, who used the word "**kanata**" to describe a `settlement`.

Canada is the world's `second` largest country. It covers about `two fifths` of the North American continent.

Canada spans `six` time zones and borders `three` oceans.

Canada is made up of `ten` provinces and three territories. From east to west they can be divided into `six geographical regions`.

The province of `British Columbia` lies on the **Pacific coast** of Canada, which is a land of rugged mountain ranges and fertile river valleys.

`St. Lawrence-Great Lakes provinces` is the most highly developed region of Canada.

Farthest east is the `Appalachian Region`.

#### II. Climate

The main factors shaping the Canadian climate are: _简答题_

1. `ocean currents`
2. `mountain ranges`
3. `latitude`

#### III. Plants and Animals

The most abundant from is `boreal forest`.

#### IV. People

Canada's aboriginal people are `the Indians and the Inunit`.

Both `English and French` are official languages of Canada.

The first permanent Canadian settlements were established by `the French` in the early 17th century.

In the past, `Britain and Western Europe` were the principal sources of immigration.

What has shaped Canada's heterogeneous population?

- **Numerous waves of immigration** have shaped and reshaped Canada's heterogeneous population.

> <v-dict word="numerous">adj. 很多的</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="heterogeneous">adj. 各种各样的</v-dict>

#### V. Culture

The Canadian writer `Alice Munro` won the 2013 Nobel Prize in Literature for her work as "master of the modern short story".

`Charles G.D. Roberts` is considered the father of Canadian literature.

In 19721, the Canadian government adopted a policy of multiculturalism and encouraged its immigrants to maintain their particular `cultural` heritages since then.

#### VI. Major Cities

`Montreal` is the largest French-speaking city outside France.

Ottawa, the capital city of Canada, is in the province of `Ontario`.

The largest city in Canada is `Toronto`.

The city that has an ice-free harbor as Canada's major outlet of the Pacific Ocean is `Vancouver`.

### Chapter 18 Canada（II） History, Government and Economy

#### Ⅰ. History

While he failed to find the passage to Asia, `John Cabot` opened the interior of Canada to French for trades and later colonizers.

`Samuel de Champlain` founded the first permanent settlements at Quebec and Montreal on the St. Lawrence River.

In 1949, `Newfoundland` became Canada's `10th` province.

By the Statute of Westminster in 1931, Canada became `a member of the Commonwealth of Nations`.

In the year of `1982`, Canada was finally a fully independent nation.

#### Ⅱ.Government

In Canada, `the British monarch` is recognized as head of state.

The legislature of Canada is `Parliament`, which is modeled on the British Parliament and has two chambers:

- `the Senate`
- `the House of Commons`

The Senate in Canada has 105 members.

In Canada `the House of Commons` can introduce bills involving taxation.

#### Ⅲ. Economy

**The Canadian Pacific Railway** was built to connect `the Atalantic` and the Pacific coasts.

The Prairie Provinces which lie west of Ontario are ideal for `growing wheat` and are thinly settled.

### Chapter 19 Australia （Ⅰ）Land and People

#### Ⅰ. Geography

Australia is located to the south of Asia, to the west is **Indian Ocean**, to the east is the **Pacific Ocean**.

Australia is the world's `sixth` largest country.

> <v-dict word="plateau">n. 高原</v-dict>

Australia can be divided into `three` basic `geographical` regions:

- the `Western Plateau`
- the `Eastern Highlands` (or Great Diving Range)
- the `Central lowlands`

**The land down under**: Australia is sometimes called "the land down under" because it lies in the Southern Hemisphere almost halfway around the world from Great Britain, which was its mother country in the colonial era.

#### Ⅱ. Climate

> <v-dict word="humid">adj. 潮湿的</v-dict>

In fact `two thirds` of the continent is `hot and dry`.

The climate has a great effect on `vegetation`. The hot, dry conditions that are found over most of the continent are suitable for `small plants` such as `grasses` and `shrubs` rather than forest.

The climate also forced the people to live in the coastal areas since it's warm and humid there.

Why do most people in Australia live along the coasts? _简答题_

- Two thirds of the continent is hot and dry, that's why most people live along the coasts for the cool and wet weather.

#### Ⅲ. Plants and Animals

Off the `northeastern` coast of Australia is a 2,000 km line of coral islands and reefs known as the Great Barrier Reef.

#### Ⅳ. People

**Australian Aborigines** were the **first** settlers in Australia. For generations they were subjected to policies which segregated them on **reserves** and missions. In **1967**, they gained Australian citizenship. Since then，they have struggled to restore a sense of indigenous **history**, **dignity**, and **economic** vitality to their diverse peoples.

#### Ⅴ.Culture

The 1956 Summer Olympics was held in `Melbourne`.

Modern Australian culture is a mixture of `Asian`, `British` and `American` traditions and influences.

The swimming styles known as `the crawl and the butterfly stroke` were invented by Australians.

> <v-dict word="stroke">n. (游泳或划船的)划</v-dict>

> <v-dict word="crawl">n. 爬泳，自由泳；</v-dict>

#### Ⅵ.Major Cities

`Canberra` is the only major city of Australia not located on a coast.

The Australian Capital Territory (ACT) was mapped out of the state of `New South Wales` to be the site of the national capital.

As the federal capital of Australia, Canberra balances the power between two `population` centers of Sydney and Melbourne.

Among the four Australian cities with a population of more than one million, `Perth` is located on the western coast.

### Chapter 20 Australia （II）History, Government and Economy

#### Ⅰ. History

As far as Australian culture is concerned, the history of Australia can be divided into:

- the period of Australia’s original culture
- the period of the dominant British culture
- the period of a multicultural society

In 1770, `James Cook` visited southeastern Australia near what is now Sydney and claimed the land for Britain.

Established in 1788, `New South Wales` is the oldest state of Australia.

The explorer who suggested the name Australia was `Matthew Flinders`.

> <v-dict word="penal">adj. 刑事的</v-dict>

**penal colony**: England's prisons were overcrowded. So the English government decided to send prisoners to Australia to start a penal colony — a place where criminals are sent to live.

_What drew thousands of new immigrants to Australia in 1851?_: The discovery of gold attracted thousands of new immigrants
to Australia.

In `1901`, six separate colonies in Australia joined together to form a federation.

**the Battle of Gallipoli**: The Battle of Gallipoli was fought in 1915 during World War I. Many Australians died in the battle. It is considered one of the most important events in Australian history.

#### II.Government

The parliament of Australia consists of the Senate and the `House of Representatives`.

_How did the preferential voting system work in the 1918 federal government election in Australia?_: In the election, voters numbered the candidates in order of preference on the ballot.

The South Australian government was the first in the world to `adopt suffrage for all adult males`, and the second (after New Zealand) in the world to adopt suffrage for all adult females.

In Australia the Constitution can be changed only by `referendum`.

> <v-dict word="referendum">n. 公民投票</v-dict>

`The Australian Labor Party` is the oldest party in Australia.

#### III.Economy

The largest component of the Australian economy is `services`.

In Australia, about a quarter of the national income is from the `mineral export` of Western Australia.

`Wheat` is Australia’s primary crop, for both domestic consumption and exports.

### Chapter 21 New Zealand （Ⅰ）Land and People

#### Overview

#### Ⅰ. Geography

New Zealand is composed mainly of two large landmasses called `the North Island` and `the South Island`.

`Three fourths` of New Zealanders, including most of the `Maori`, live on the North Island.

`A fault line`, where two parts of the earth's crust meet, runs the length of the country. This means that New Zealand often has `earthquakes`.

The highest peak in New Zealand is `Mount Cook`.

In New Zealand, the highest peak is in the centre of the mountain range, which is called `the Southern Alps`.

_What are the two active volcanoes in New Zealand?_ `Ruapehu` and `Ngaruhoe`.

In New Zealand, the central plateau of North Island is dominated by three `volcanic mountains`.

Since `many areas of the country are not heavily populated`, earthquakes in New Zealand do not usually cause many deaths.

The Lake of Taupo was formed by an `enormous volcanic eruption`.

New Zealand lies in `temperate` latitudes of the Southern Hemisphere.

#### Ⅱ.Climate

#### Ⅲ. Plants and Animals

The only native mammals in New Zealand are `bats`.

`Tuatara` is described as a "living fossil".

Most animals in New Zealand are `brought from England`.

_What do you know about Kiwi?_ The Kiwi, as New Zealand bird that is awake at night, and cannot fly, is the national symbol of New Zealand.

Unique to New Zealand, the birds `kiwis` are the source for a common nickname for New Zealanders.

#### Ⅳ. Historical Background

Maoris believe their ancestors and all living things in the world were descended from the gods.

The aboriginal people of New Zealand adopted the name Maori(meaning "normal") to distinguish themselves from the Europeans whom they viewed as strangely dressed and more strangely acting.

On behalf of the British government Captain William Hobson signed `the Treaty of Waitangi` with Maori chiefs in 1840.

The first British settlers came to New Zealand in 1840 through `the New Zealand Company`, and they hoped to start model colonies by planned migration.

#### V.Population

#### Ⅵ.Major Cities

`Auckland`, located in northern North Island, is the largest city and chief commercial center in New Zealand.

In 1865, the New Zealand seat of government was moved to Wellington from `Auckland`.

### Chapter 22 New Zealand （Ⅱ）Economy, Government and Culture

#### Ⅰ. Economy

_What are New Zealand's major imports?_ The major imports are machinery and transport equipment.

In New Zealand, the `service` sector accounts for about two thirds of both the workforce and the national income.

#### Ⅱ.Government

Appointed by the British monarch, the Governor-General in New Zealand holds a `five-year` term.

The two dominant political parties in New Zealand are `National` and Labor.

In New Zealand, `the British Privy Council` acts as the final court of appeal.

#### Ⅲ. Cultural and Social Developments

_What are the two official languages in New Zealand?_ `English` and `Maori`.

_What is the basis of higher education in New Zealand？_ The basis of New Zealand's higher education is technical institutes, community colleges, and teachers' colleges.

Education in New Zealand is compulsory between the ages of `6 and 16`.

New Zealand director Peter Jackson directed the film `The Lord of the Rings`.

In New Zealand there is wide-spread participation in `rugby football`.

### Chapter 23 The Republic of Ireland （Ⅰ）Land and People

#### Ⅰ. Geographical Features

Ireland is called the `Emerald Isle` because of `its rich green countryside`.

Ireland is bounded by:

- the Irish Sea
- St. George Channel
- the Atlantic Ocean

`The Shannon River` provides much of the electric power in the Republic of Ireland.

#### Ⅱ.Climate

Ireland enjoys a climate of western maritime under the influence of `the Atlantic Ocean`.

The rainfall in Ireland is `more than` that in Britain.

#### Ⅲ. Natural Resources, Plants, and Animals

#### Ⅳ. People

The fall of the Irish population in the 19th century was due to the death from the `Great Famine` and the awful economic state of the country.

It has a century-long population `decline`.

#### Ⅴ.Cultural Life

Today, some nine-tenths of the republic's population is `Roman Catholic`, with small numbers of other religious groups.

The Modern Irish has been influenced by `Latin`, `Old Norse`, `French` and `English`.

The two Irish Nobel Prize winners are poets William Butler `Yeats`(1923) and Seamus `Heaney`(1995).

`Francis Bacon` was an Irish-born artist known for his brutal figurative paintings.

_What was the significance of the cultural revivalism in the 19th and early 20th centuries in Ireland?_: The cultural revivalism became an inspiration to the Irish nationalist struggle of the early decades of the 20th century.

#### Ⅵ.Major Cities

`Dublin` is the capital of Ireland. The city is named for the Gaelic phrase dubh linn, which means “`black pool`”.

### Chapter 24 The Republic of Ireland （Ⅱ）History, Government and Economy

#### Ⅰ. Historical Background

In 1921, the British signed the `Anglo-Irish Treaty` establishing an Irish Free State with dominion status with a separate government in the Protestant-dominated Northern Ireland. But violent opposition to the treaty by ultranationalists led to a civil war.

In the year of `1948`, the Irish Free State left the British Commonwealth and became `the Republic of Ireland`.

Ireland’s entry into the European Communities in `1973` was a great boon to the nation’s economy.

In 1993, the Irish and British governments signed `the Downing Street Declaration` to seek mutually agreeable political structures in Northern Ireland and between the two islands.

_Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921_: In 1921, the British signed the Anglo-Irish Treaty establishing an Irish Free State with dominion status with a separate government in the Protestant-dominated Northern Ireland. But violent opposition to the treaty by ultranationalists led to a civil war.

_Why did Ireland refuse to join in World War II?_: Ireland kept out of World War II to demonstrate its continued
displeasure with the British.

From the late 8th to the 10th century,`Vikings` invaded parts of Ireland but were eventually defeated by the Irish.

#### Ⅱ.Government

The President‘s term of office in Ireland is `seven` years.

_What is the similarity between New Zealand and the UK in terms of constitution?_: In both the UK and New Zealand, the constitution is a mixture of statute and convention.

#### Ⅲ. Economy

_What are the major agricultural activities in the Republic of Ireland?_: Ireland's agricultural activities consist largely of the grazing of cattle and sheep.

#### Ⅳ. Social Welfare and Customs

_In Ireland，when and why is St. Patrick’s Day celebrated?_ St. Patrick's Day is celebrated on March 17 to honor the country's patron saint, St. Patrick.

## 附表

### Legislature

|UK|US|CA|AU|NZ|IR|
|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|
|Parliament|Congress|Parliament|Parliament|Parliament|Parliament|
|House of Lords|Senate|Senate|Senate||-|
|House of Commons|House of Representatives|House of Commons|House of Representatives|||

### Climate

|UK|US|CA|AU|NZ|IR|
|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|:---------:|
|maritime|humid continental||hot and dry||western maritime|


### 名词解释

- `Black Death`:
  It was a deadly `plague` spread by `rat fleas` in 14th century. It spread through Europe in the middle of 14th century and reached England in the summer of 1348. Many people died and the population of England shrank. It caused labor shortage and other social problems.

- `Margaret Thatcher`:
  She was the `first woman Prime Minister` in British history. She had her administration for two terms (1979-1990). She gained her reputation as the "`iron lady`" for her tight control of Britain’s monetary policy. Mrs. Thatcher gained prosperity of Britain in 1980s.

- `The American Revolution`:
  Also known as the War of Independence or Revolutionary Way, it began in 1775 and concluded in 1783.It ended two centuries of British rule for most of the North American colonies and created the United States of America.

- `The Great Lakes`:
  These are the most important lakes in America, extending about 1600 kilometers and forming a section of the boundary between the United States and Canada. The Great Lakes include Lake Michigan, Lake Michigan, Lake Superior, Lake Huron, Lake Erie and Lake Ontario.

- `Australian aborigines`:
  Australian aborigines were the first settlers in Australia. For generations they were subjected to policies which segregated them on reserves and missions. In 1967, they gained Australian citizenship. Since then, they have struggled to restore a sense of indigenous history, dignity and economic vitality to their diverse peoples.

- `Wars of the Roses`:
  Coined by Sir Walter Scott, the name Wars of the Roses refers to the battles between the great House of Lancaster, symbolized by the red rose, and that of York，symbolized by the white. The battles were fought between 1455 and 1485.

- `the Emancipation Proclamation`:
  During the Civil War, President Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 to get more support for the Union at home and abroad. It abolished slavery and granted freedom to all slaves.

- `Open University in the UK`:
  The Open University in the UK is a unique innovation in higher education. It is a degree-granting institution that provides courses for adults through television, radio, and local study programs.

- `“the land down under”`:
  Australia is sometimes called “the land down under” because it lies in the Southern Hemisphere almost halfway around the world from Great Britain, which was its mother country in the colonial era.

- `The U.S. Presidency`:
  The U.S. President of the United States is head of the executive branch. The White House is his official residence. He is head of state elected by the whole nation. His status makes him the most prominent figure as the first citizen and his wife is called the First Lady.

- `The Cuban Missile Crisis`:
  The crisis, which took place in 1962，was like this: the Soviet Union sent both offensive and defensive missiles with nuclear warheads to Cuba and started building missile sites there. President Kennedy decided on the use of naval force to prevent military material and arms from getting into Cuba and demanded the removal of the missiles. The crisis finally ended with the Soviet Union accepting American conditions, thus bringing relief to the whole world.

- `The Commonwealth of Nations (英联邦)`:
  The Commonwealth of Nations is a free association of independent countries that were once colonies of Britain. It was founded in 1931, and has 50 member countries until 1991.

- `King Alfred`:
  King Alfred was an English king of the 9th century who reorganized the army and established the navy. He encouraged learning, established schools and formulated a legal system. His admirable achievement earned him the title “Alfred the Great.”

- `The Norman Conquest`:
  The Norman Conquest of 1066 is perhaps the best-known event in English history. William the Conqueror confiscated almost all the land and gave it to his Norman followers. He replaced the weak Saxon rule with a strong Norman government. So the feudal system was completely established in England.

- `The Great Charter`:
  The Great Charter was signed by King John in 1215 under the press of the barons. It was a statement of the feudal and legal relationships between the Crown and the barons, a guarantee of the freedom of the Church and a limitation of the powers of the king. The spirit of the Great Charter was the limitation of the powers of the king, keeping them within the bounds of the feudal law of the land.

- `The industrial Revolution`:
  The industrial Revolution refers to the mechanization of industry and the consequent changes in social and economic organization in Britain in the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
- `The Privy Council`:
  The Privy Council was formerly the chief source of executive power in the state and give private advice to the King. So the Privy Council was also called the King’s Council in history. Today its role is largely formal, advising the sovereign to approve certain government decrees.
- `Amerigo Vespucci`:
  Amerigo Vespucci, a navigator, proved that the land was not India, but a new continent. Therefore, the land was named America after.
- `The Puritans`:
  The Puritans were wealthy, well-educated gentlemen. They wanted to purify the Church of England and threatened with religious persecution, the Puritans leaders saw the New world as a refuge provided by God for those He meant to save.

- `The Bill of Rights`:
  In 1789, James Madison introduced in the House of Representatives a series of amendments which later were drafted into twelve proposed amendments and sent to the states for ratification. Ten of them were ratified in 1791 and the first ten amendments to the constitution were called the Bills of Rights because they were to insure individual liberties.
- `The Emancipation Proclamation`:
  After the Civil war began, Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation to win more support at home and abroad. It granted freedom to all slaves in areas still controlled by the Confederacy.
- `The Celts`:
  The Celts came to Britain in three main waves. The first wave were the Gales, the second wave were the Brythons and the Belgae came about 150BC. The Celts were practiced farmers. The Celtic tribes are ancestors of the Highland Scots, the Irish and the Welsh, And their languages are the basis of both Welsh and Gaelic. They religion was Druidism.
- `Blood Mary`:
  It is the nickname given to Mary I, the English Queen who succeeded to the throne after Henry VIII. She was a devout Catholic and had so many Protestants burnt to death that she is remembered less by her official title Mary I by her nickname Blood Mary.

- `Constitutional monarchy`:
  It is a political system that has been practiced in Britain since the Glorious revolution of 1688. According to this system, the Constitution is superior to the Monarch. In law, the Monarch has many supreme powers, but in practice, the real power of monarchy has been greatly reduced and today the Queen acts solely on the advice of her ministers. She reigns but does not rule. The real power lies in the Parliament, or to be exact, in the House of Commons.
- `The National Health Service`:
  It is a very important part of the welfare system in Britain. It is a nationwide organization based on Acts of Parliament. It provides all kinds of free or nearly free medical treatment both in hospital and outside. It is financed mainly by payments by the state out of general taxation. People are not obliged to use this service. The service is achieving its main objectives with outstanding success.
- `Marshall Plan`:
  It was announced by George Marshall on June.5, 1947, and was the economic aid plan for Western Europe. It was also used to prevent the loss of Western Europe into the Soviet sphere.
- `Family Doctor`:
  In order to obtain the benefits of the NHS a person must normally be registered on the list of a general practitioner, sometimes known as a “family doctor”. The family doctor gives treatment or prescribes medicine, or, if necessary, arranges for the patient to go to hospital or to be seen at home by a specialist
