重写句子：共10小题，共15分；<br />
修改句子：共5小题，共15分；<br />
辨认主题句：共3小题，共15分；<br />
重新组合段落：共5小题，共5分；<br />
划掉与段落内容无关的句子：共2小题，共10分；<br />
写信：共1小题，共40分。

---

dependent words: after，unless，even （even though，even if），since，before，when （whenever），because，if，who（whoever），while，as，（as if） which（whichever），although，though，so that，where （wherever），until，that
## 句子类型


* Short Sentence 短句
* Long Sentence 长句
* Simple Sentence 简单句
* Compound Sentence 并列句
* Complex Sentence 复杂句（复合句）
* Compound-complex Sentence 并列复合句
* Periodic Sentence 掉尾句
* Loose Sentence 松散句

### 掉尾句/松散句

- **Periodic Sentence** 掉尾句，重要信息在后
- **Loose Construction** 松散句，重要信息在前

掉尾句与松散句转化方法：
1. 找主次：主要意思和修饰成分（介非从）
2. 换位置：<u>调换主要意思和修饰成分的位置</u>

When I was having dinner with him, **he proposed to me**.<br />
**He proposed to me**, when I was having dinner with him.

**He is playing basketball** on the court.<br />
On the court, **he is playing basketball**.

To catch the bus, **Tom got up early in the morning**.<br />
**Tom got up early in the morning** to catch the bus.

### 简单句

简单句 **Simple Sentence**，**只有一个主语（或并列主语）和一个谓语（或并列谓语）**

#### 并列主语

**I have** a pen. **I have** an apple.<br />
**I have** a pen and an apple.
#### 并列谓语

**Reading can break down** social barriers. **It can push aside** biases.<br/>
**Reading can break down** social barriers and **push aside** biases.

#### 改写简单句

改为简单句：<u>从变介非，并列合同</u>

I love you because **you are beautiful**.<br />
I love you because of **your beautiful**.

Many families break up because **they lack money**.<br />
Many families break up because of **a lack of money**.
- n. lack of
- vi. lack in
- vt lack

**Not** until he crossed the line and felt the tape snap against his chest **did Johnson know he had won the race**.<br />
**Johnson did not know he had won the race** until he crossed the line and felt the tape snap against his chest.

### 并列句

并列句，**Compound Sentence**

- 并列递进：I love you, **and** I want you to love me back.
- 因果关系：I love you, **for** you are beautiful.
- 转折关系：I have no money, **but** I own a big house.

易错点
- 复合句：I love you, **because** you are beautiful.
- 并列句：I love you, **for** you are beautiful.

并列句衔接词
- 和：and; as well as; not only ... but also ...; both ... and ...
- 既不…也不…：neither ... nor ...
- 或：or; either ... or ...
- 因果：for（因为）;so（所以）
- 转折：but

| |并列句|复合句|
|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|
|并列|and; then; or|-|
|因果|for; so|because|
|转折|but|although; though|
|时间|-|when; after; before|
|条件|-|if|

*因果关系，用 because 或 for， for 前要加逗号隔开，但是 because 之前不能用逗号；because of 不能加从句。*

**Because** I did not know the way to the hotel, I asked a traffic police.<br />
I did not know the way to the hotel, **so** I asked a traffic police.<br />
I asked a traffic police, **for** I did not know the way to the hotel

He knocked the door again and again. There was no answer.<br />
He knocked the door again and again, **but** there was no answer.

My policy of independence would not allow me to accept financial aid from him. I welcomed his wisdom. (compound sentence)<br/>
My policy of independence would not allow me to accept financial aid from him, but I welcomed his wisdom.

### 复合句

复合句，**Complex Sentence**

I love you, **because** you are beautiful.

**Although** I have no money, I own a big house.

**When** we were having dinner, he proposed to me.

The story was interesting. It was not believable.(complex sentence)<br/>
**Although** the story was interesting, it was not believable.

Alan passed the test. Alan had studied hard and understood the material.(complex sentence)<br/>
Alan passed the test, **because** she had studied hard and understood the material.

Her father won't let her go to the party tonight. She's in a bad mood.(complex sentence)<br/>
**Because** father won't let her go to the party tonight, She's in a bad mood.

People have strong motivation. They’re more likely to engage with their work and finish their tasks.(complex sentence)<br/>
**When** people have strong motivation, they’re more likely to engage with their work and finish their tasks.

Millions of species live in the tropical rainforest. The plants and animals rely on each other for survival. (complex sentence)<br/>
Millions of species live in the tropical rainforest, **where** the plants and animals rely on each other for survival.

College helps develop many important qualities. The qualities include self-awareness, global-mindedness, and critical thinking. (complex sentence)<br/>
College helps develop many important qualities, **which** include self-awareness, global-mindedness, and critical thinking.

### 并列复合句

并列复合句，**Compound - Complex Sentence**

*已有复合句，要加并列句*

The package arrived in the morning. The courier left *before* I could check the contents. (compound-complex sentence)<br/>
The package arrived in the morning, **but** the courier left *before* I could check the contents.

Oprah Winfrey's own story is an inspiration. She overcame almost every obstacle *that* a person might face. (compound-complex sentence)<br/>
Oprah Winfrey's own story is an inspiration **for** she overcame almost every obstacle *that* a person might face.

The world is full of wonders. Some of them we *don't* discover *until* we're all grown-up. (compound-complex sentence)<br/>
The world is full of wonders **and** some of them we *don't* discover *until* we're all grown-up.

*没有复合句，没有并列句*

I had planned to go to Australia last summer. I went to Vietnam instead. The trip to Australia was too expensive. (compound-complex sentence)<br/>
**Although** I had planned to go to Australia last summer, I went to Vietnam instead, **for** the trip to Australia was too expensive.

*although 不能和 but 搭配，可以和 yet 搭配*

He hated evening self-study classes. The road to school was long. There were no lights lining the road. (compound-complex sentence)<br/>
He hated evening self-study classes **because** the road to school was long **and** there were no lights lining the road.

Mary texted several messages to John. There was no reply from him. She decided to make a phone call. (compound-complex sentence)<br/>
Mary texted several messages to John, **and** **when** there was no reply from him, she decided to make a phone call.

Qu Yuan lived over two thousand years ago. He wrote many poems. People still remember them. (compound-complex sentence)<br/>
Qu Yuan lived over two thousand years ago, and he wrote many poems which people still remember.

### 短句/长句

**Short and Long Sentences**

I love my girlfriend. She is a good dancer. She is a great singer.<br/>
I love my girlfriend, **who** is a good dancer **and** great singer.

a dancer and singer 一个人<br/>
a dancer and a singer 两个人

*两句看关系，多句选第一*

Walt Disney was a creative genius. He created the first animated film. He also created the idea of theme parks. (long sentence)<br/>
Walt Disney was a creative genius, **who** created the first animated film **and** the idea of theme parks.

The Americans and the British may have little difficulty communicating with one another. The speak the same language. They share the same culture. (long sentence)<br/>
The Americans and the British may have little difficulty communicating with one another because the speak the same language **and** share the same culture.

## 句子结构

### 修饰语

做题方法：
1. 定修饰（往往第二句可改成修饰语）
2. 定形式（介词；-ing；-ed）

Melinda was afraid that the other kids would laugh at her. She kept silent. (sentence with a modifying phrase)<br/>
Melinda was afraid that the other kids would laugh at her, **keeping** silent.

The boy rushed out of the laboratory. He was frightened by the explosion. (sentence with a modifying phrase)<br/>
The boy rushed out of the laboratory, **frightened** by the explosion.

The professor came into the classroom. He had two books in his hand. (prepositional phrase)<br/>
The professor came into the classroom **with** two books in his hand.

He went all the same though it was raining. ( sentence with a prepositional phrase)<br/>
He went all the same **in spite of** the rain.

### 分词短语

做题方法：
1. 找主次（前主后次，主主从次）
2. 用分词（并列在后，主从在前）

He left the room and hummed a tune. (sentence with a verb-ing phrase)<br/>
He left the room, **humming a tune**.

The girl cried sadly as she was locked outside. (sentence with a verb-ed phrase)<br/>
**Locked outside**, the girl cried sadly.

### 合并句子

平行结构，**parallel structure**

合并句子的方法：
- 找共同（共同提取，剩余照抄）
- 选连词（并列递进就用 and ，两者选择 either ... or .. ，两者都无 neither ... nor ）

Students who study literature usually have a larger vocabulary. They have better reading comprehension. They have greater communication skills. (parallel structure)<br/>
Students who study literature usually have a larger vocabulary, better reading comprehension, and greater communication skills.

### 用不定式作为句子开头

**sentence with to opener**

一个 to do 句首放，逗号放在句中央

I put on makeup everyday to be a beautiful girl.(sentence with to opener)<br/>
To be a beautiful girl, I put on makeup everyday.

## 常见结构错误

### 串句

串句。两个谓语动词，没有连词。

<del>I love him, he loves her.</del><br/>
<del>I met my soulmate, he didn’t.</del>

#### 句号和大写字母 a period and a capital letter

I love him<b>. H</b>e loves her.

#### 逗号和连接词 a comma plus a joining word

*and, but, for, or, nor, so, yet*

I met my soulmate<b>, but</b> he didn’t.

#### 分号 a semicolon

I love him<b>; H</b>e loves her.

### 破句

破句，没有一套完整的主谓结构。

<del>I love you. From the bottom of my heart.</del>

### 错误平行结构

词性一致，格式一致。

<del>She is beautiful, humorous and <b>responsibility</b>.</del><br/>
She is beautiful, humorous and responsible.

<del>The dictionary can be used for finding word meanings, pronunciations, correct spellings, and look up irregular verbs.</del><br/>
The dictionary can be used for finding word meanings, pronunciations, correct spellings, and irregular verbs.

<del>After spending two hours writing the essay, it was submitted to the professor.</del><br/>
After spending two hours writing the essay, I submitted to the professor.

### 修饰语错置

找修饰，改错置

<del>The article is difficult to understand not <b>because</b> the vocabulary is technical but <b>because of</b> the complicated sentence structure.</del><br/>
The article is difficult to understand not because the vocabulary is technical but because the sentence structure is complicated.

<del>Many of your decisions are shaped by your living environment <b>including</b> the medicines you take and the education you seek for your children.</del><br/>
Many of your decisions <b>including</b> the medicines you take and the education you seek for your children are shaped by your living environment.

<del>The bank is still a thriving business which opened over a hundred years ago.</del><br/>
The bank, which opened over a hundred years ago, is still a thriving business.

### 垂悬装饰语

垂悬分词的本质是非谓语与主句主语不匹配

<del>To pass the course, your term paper must be handed in on time.</del><br/>
To pass the course, you must hand in your term paper on time.

## 段落

### 主题句

### 统一性

### 连贯性

## 应用文写作

### 书信格式

思路：
1. 开门见山
2. 填补细节
3. 礼貌结束信件

### 书信开头

表明目的:我写这封信是为了…<br/>
I am writing to ...<br/>
I am writing this letter for the purpose of

### 申请信

- 专业：英语翻译 (我的major很不错) First of all, my major is English translation.
- 爱好：你的爱好-看书 (我的interest造就我) Besides, I am interested in reading English books.
- 特长：语言能力-英语法语 (good at东西也很多) What’s more, I am good at English and French.
- 经历：工作经验 (这experience我有过) Finally, I also have related experiences.

### 感谢信

### 投诉信

我写这封信是为了表达我对你们产品的不满。<br/>
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction about your product.

我写这封信是为了表达我对从你店里买的桌子的不满。<br/>
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction about the desk I bought from your store.

请尽快解决这个问题，我期待你的回复。<br/>
Please have this matter settled as soon as possible. I am looking forward to your reply.

The reasons for my dissatisfaction are as follows.

投诉产品/服务：
- 质量低劣：be poor / of inferior quality
- 远非满意：far from satisfactory
- 让我失望：what upsets me most is ...
- 态度不好：...was rude to me

处理方式：
- 退换货：I demand to send it back for <u>repair or exchange</u>. Or, I would like to have it returned and get a refund.
- 提升服务：In order to better your service, I strongly recommend that you check your product before you send it.

Dear Sir,<br/>
　　<b>I am writing to express my dissatisfaction about</b> the desk I bought from you last week.<br/>
　　At first, I was satisfied with its wooden color and modern design. However, after only one week, I have found several problems with it. The drawer on the left side is of inferior quality. It is hard for me to open it. **What upsets me most is** the strange smell and I think it may do harm to my health. My job requires that I spend a great deal of time at my desk, but I think the desk is not the one I am looking for. I am sure you can understand my situation.<br/>
　　**I demand to send it back for repair or exchange. Or, I would like to have it returned and get a refund.** **Please have this matter settled as soon as possible.** I trust you can deal with the problem well. **I am looking forward to your reply.**<br/>
<div style="text-align:right">Sincerely,</div>
<div style="text-align:right">Li Lei</div>


### 邀请信

## 阶段练习

<ul style="list-style:auto;">
  <li v-for="t in ['2002年9月19日 （Choose the wrong one.） <u>09/19/02</u>','A burglar stole into the Davis’ house last night. The front door was unlocked. (complex sentence) <u>A burglar stole into the Davis’ house last night, because the front door was unlocked.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>Modern marriage is quite different from the traditional marriage of my grandparents.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>Part-time jobs can foster university students’ sense of competition.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>Thanksgiving is an important American holiday.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>There are several important families of languages in the world.</u>','Choose the incorrect salutation(称呼). <u>Mmes Chenard Alexandre:</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nHe spent nearly three months in the downtown. Trying to find a decent job. <u>He spent nearly three months in the downtown, trying to find a decent job.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nHe works hard to know how to arrive at the moon and its scene. <u>He works hard to know how to arrive at the moon and what the moon looks like.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nI plan on working overtime. To get this job finished. <u>I plan on working overtime to get this job finished.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nIt’s either black nor white. <u>It’s either black or white.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nI’m very tired this evening, it was a long day at the office. <u>I’m very tired this evening, for it was a long day at the office.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMaria not only collects old coins, she collects stamps as well. <u>Maria collects not only old coins but also stamps.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nThe boy was always late for it took so long to get dressed. <u>The boy was always late, for it took so long to get dressed.</u>','Correct the following sentence and choose the right one.\nAs soon as she finished her homework. Mary began to do some drawing. <u>As soon as she finished her homework, Mary began to do some drawing.</u>','Correct the following sentence and choose the right one.\nI ran to the door my sister stormed in suddenly she burst into tears. <u>As I ran to the door, my sister stormed in. Suddenly she burst into tears.</u>','Correct the following sentence and choose the right one.\nI’d like to keep a pet. For example, a cat. <u>I’d like to keep a pet, for example, a cat.</u>','Correct the following sentence and choose the right one.\nShe told us to look on the mantel and that we should tell her what we found. <u>She told us to look on the mantel and to tell her what we found.</u>','Correct the following sentence and choose the right one.\nThe matter was extremely urgent we dealt with it immediately. <u>Since the matter was extremely, urgent we dealt with it immediately.</u>','Correct the following sentence and choose the right one.\nTo remain healthy, a balanced diet is important. <u>If you want to remain healthy, a balanced diet is important.</u>','Lily came back home at 6:00. Tom came back home at 6:00. Jack came back home at 6:00. (one simple sentence) <u>Lily, Tom, and Jack came back home at 6:00.</u>','Read the following paragraph and choose the irrelevant sentences from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nTo us it seems so natural to put up an umbrella to keep the water off when it rains. But actually the umbrella was not invented as protection against rain. It was first used as a shade against the sun. Nobody knows who first invented it, but the umbrella was used in very ancient times. Probably the first to use it were the Chinese, way back in the eleventh century We know that the umbrella was also used in ancient Egypt and Babylon as a sunshade. And there was a strange thing connected with its use; it became a symbol of honor and authority. In the Far East In ancient times, the umbrella was allowed to be used only by royal people or by those in high office. Umbrella was made of wooden materials. In Europe, the Greeks were the first to use the umbrella as a sunshade. And the umbrella was in common use in ancient Greece. But it is believed that the first persons in Europe to use the umbrellas as protection against the rain were the ancient Romans. During the Middle Ages, the use of the umbrella practically disappeared. Then it appeared again in Italy in 16th century. And again it became a symbol of power and authority. Umbrellas have not changed much in style during all this time, though they have become much lighter in weight. It wasn’t until the twentieth century that women’s umbrellas began to be made in a variety of colors. <u>Umbrella was made of wooden materials.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nCompetition is seen as an open and fair race where success goes to the swiftest person regardless of his or her social class background. Competitive success is commonly seen as the American alternative to social rank based on family background. Business is therefore viewed as an expression of the idea of equality of opportunity rather than the aristocratic（贵族的）idea of inherited privilege. <u>Competition in business is believed to strengthen the ideal of equality of opportunity.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nHouse sales are down 65 percent from two years ago. The average length a house is on the market before being sold is two years. The average house price has actually dropped over 5000 dollars this year. There has also been no new housing construction within the city limits in the last six months. Two building contractors have gone out of businesses, and the carpenter’s union has sixty-five unemployed members. Lumber sales have dropped over 35 percent, and the local mill has sold three logging trucks and laid off twenty-five workers. It has been the worst period for the housing industry in over thirty years. <u>The housing industry in Omaha is not doing well.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph. \nMy grandfather, for some reason, wore a hat to meals. Some evenings also hatted-he would play the fiddle. He was born in Ireland in 1874, and he lived to see, in his long life, satellites, computers, jet airplanes and, the Apollo space program. He went from a world where illiterate people footed their way on dirt roads, where one-room schools had peat fires in the corner, where stories were told at night in shadows and candlelight, to a world of motor cars and electricity and telephones and radio and X-ray machines and television. He never left Ireland, although late in life he wanted to go to England in an airplane to experience flying. But in his lifetime-one lifetime- he witnessed all these birthing of technology. <u>But in his lifetime—one lifetime—he witnessed all these birthing of technology.</u>','The economy of Texas is strong. It is also varied.(parallel structure) <u>The economy of Texas is strong and varied.</u>','The minister is a Bible scholar. He can quote the most obscure passages. (compound sentence) <u>The minister is a Bible scholar and he can quote the most obscure passages.</u>','The population of China is larger than Japan. (parallel structure ) <u>The population of China is larger than that of Japan.</u>','Translate the sentence into English:“由于许多同学不能参加今天下午两点的会议，所以我们决定会议改为晚上八点举行。” <u>Since so many of the students cannot attend the meeting at 2 o ‘clock this afternoon, we decided to held the meeting at 8 o ‘clock in this evening.</u>','We don’t dare to eat these fruits. They are seriously polluted by insecticides.(compound sentence) <u>We don’t dare to eat these fruits, for they are seriously polluted by insecticides.</u>']" v-html="t"></li>
</ul>


<ul style="list-style:auto;">
  <li v-for="t in ['Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>Hard work is more important than good luck for one to succeed.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>In recent years, studying abroad had flourished.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>University students are now enjoying better conditions than ever before.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>Water is very important to us.</u>','Choose the one represent for “please answer”. <u>R.S.V.P</u>','Choose the one that cannot be used in Precis. <u>He says to himself, “I must be successful.”</u>','Choose the one that cannot be used in Precis. <u>In my point of view, there are two major reasons for the changes.</u>','Choose the sentence which cannot be the supporting sentence of the following topic. \nThe film is the most interesting one. <u>The ticket is expensive.</u>','Choose the topic sentences for the following passage.\nA lack of exercise is one of the major factors contributing to obesity. When we eat, we consume energy. When we exercise, we expend energy— or burn up calories. For example, when we run for an hour, we burn up approximately 450 calories, depending on our body size. When the number of calories we consume exceeds the number we burn up, the excess energy is stored in the body in the form of fat. If a person is inactive, it is more likely that he will not burn up all the calories consumed, so obesity can result. Moreover, studies have shown that inactivity can cause an obese person to expend less energy during a certain activity than a no obese person. This is because inactivity lowers the basal energy rate. Therefore, if an obese person and a no obese person try to run one mile, the obese person unused to activity will expend less energy because he has a lower basal energy rate. <u>A lack of exercise is one of the major factors contributing to obesity.</u>','Read the following paragraph and choose the irrelevant sentences from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nIn order to learn a foreign language well, it is necessary to overcome the fear of making mistakes. If the primary goal of language use is communication, then mistakes are secondary considerations that may be dealt with gradually as awareness of those mistakes increases. On the other hand, students should not ignore their mistakes. The language learner may observe how native speakers express themselves, and how native expressions differ from the way the learner might say them. In this condition, we should pay more attention to mistakes. For example, a Spanish speaker who has been saying “I do it” to express willingness to do something in the immediate future, could, by communicating with native speakers of English, observes that native speakers actually say “I’ll do it”. This difference can serve as a basis for the student to change his way of using the present tense in English. But a student who is unwilling to communicate in the first place would lose this opportunity to learn by trial and error. <u>In this condition, we should pay more attention to mistakes.</u>','Read the following paragraph and choose the irrelevant sentences from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nRecent research has begun to document the ways dreams can help people deal with problems in their waking lives. Rosalind Cartwright (1978) has found that people seem to handle emotional situations more realistically after dreaming. In one study, she presented students with incomplete ‘problem stories’ before bedtime in a sleep laboratory. The stories dealt with common concerns of young adults, such as separation from home. The subjects then went to sleep. Some were allowed to dream (they were awakened only during non-REM sleep), while others were not (they were awakened only during REM sleep or were not allowed to sleep at all). In the morning, when asked about possible solutions to the problem posed in a story, the subjects who had been allowed to dream were better to acknowledge the realistic dimensions of the problem. Dream can broaden our thinking in a sense. The results of this and other studies have led Cartwright to propose that dreams provide a kind of workshop for the repair of self-esteem and competence. <u>Dream can broaden our thinking in a sense.</u>','Read the following paragraph and choose the irrelevant sentences from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nUnder normal conditions the act of communication requires the presence of at least two persons: one who sends and one who receives the communication. In order to communicate thoughts and feelings, there must be a conventional system of signs or symbols which mean the same to the sender and the receiver. The means of sending communications are too numerous and varied for systematic classification: therefore, the analysis must begin with the means of receiving communications. Reception of communication is achieved by our senses. Sight, hearing and touch play the most important roles. Smell and taste play very limited roles. Communications were developed by our ancestor far long time ago. Examples of visual communication are gesture and imitation. Although both frequently accompany speech, there are systems that rely solely on sight, such as those used by deaf and dumb persons. Another means of communicating visually is by signals of fire, smoke, flags or flashing lights. Feelings may be simply communicated by touch such as by handshaking, although a highly-developed system of handshaking as disabled blind, deaf, and dumb persons to communicate intelligently. Whistling to someone, clapping hands in a theater, and other forms of communication by sound rely upon the ear as a receiver. The most fully-developed form of auditory communication is, of course, the spoken language. The means of communication mentioned so far have two features in common: they last only a short time, and the persons involved must be relatively close to each other. Therefore, all are restricted in time and space. <u>Communications were developed by our ancestor far long time ago.</u>','Read the following paragraph and choose the irrelevant sentences from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\n“Thank you” is used much more frequently in the West than in China. When anyone does something for you, no matter how small and no matter whether she/he is a superior or a servant, it is proper to say “ thank you”. It is important for a person to hold good manners anywhere or anytime both in China and the west. For example, you would say “thank you” in any of the following circumstances: if someone picked up and handed to you something you had dropped; if your neighbor at table or a servant passed some food to you; if someone showed you the way to go; if a member of the family, even if quite young, brought you something you wanted; if your postman handed you a letter; if a clerk in a store handed you the article you had bought. When anything is offered to you, it is not polite to say, “I don’t want it”, as Chinese manner would allow. You should say, “Yes, thank you,” if you wish it; or “No, thank you,” if you refuse it. <u>It is important for a person to hold good manners anywhere or anytime both in China and the west.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nIn ancient time, dancing was used to share information. For instance, if the head man of a primitive tribe wanted his men to hunt for food, he would first dance around acting like an animal and then he would change his dancing to pretend to shoot an animal. He would try to have his men follow his example. When he was sure that his followers understood his intention, he would lead his excited hunters to chase and kill the animals they needed for food. In modern times, dancing is mainly for physical exercises. Most people do not care much about whether they are dancing gracefully or not. Of more importance is that they move their bodies for half an hour or so. For these people, dancing is another way of getting their daily exercises. <u>Dancing serves people in many different ways.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nMy chief reason for choosing Bingston University was its wonderful work/study program in agriculture, my chosen field. The university requires all its agriculture students to gain practical experience by working on farms in the area while they are still going to school; I know that this would provide invaluable experience and prepare me to use the skills I had learned in the classroom. Second, Bingston hires only the finest teachers. Then, too, there was Bingston’s deferred payment plan; this represented a great convenience to my parents. A final reason was the reasonable tuition. <u>There are several reasons why I decided to attend Bingston University.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph. \nThey always complained more or less justly, that their parents are out of touch with modern ways. They also blamed that their parents always have a final say. And the young felt that their parents do not trust their children to deal with crises. Besides, they dissatisfied too much murmurs of their parents about certain problems and the lack of sense of humor in dealing with the problems, at least in parents-children relationships. <u>There are so many criticism to their parents among the young people.</u>','Rearrange the following numbered sentences so that they will read logically. Put the number in the proper sequence and choose the best answer.\n① And finally, I do not like the way it is organized. \n② The entire process takes the average student three hours.\n③ There are several things that I do not like about registration.\n④ First, it takes too long.\n⑤ Next, I do not like the atmosphere where registration is held. \n⑥ Second, it is too impersonal.\n⑦ The constant sound of voices is irritating and so are the fluorescent lights, which make everyone look a little sick.\n⑧ No one knows your name, not even the counselors, who stamp their names on your registration card. <u>③④②⑥⑧⑤⑦①</u>','Rearrange the following numbered sentences so that they will read logically. Put the number in the proper sequence and choose the best answer.\n① From high above the Earth and from the Moon, the plant gleams and shines.\n② It is the reason that people can live on this planet.\n③ Water is in rock deep under the ground, in natural holding area—in shortage. In a real sense, water keeps the Earth alive.\n④ The blue water in the ocean and the sea of the Earth makes a dramatic image.\n⑤ Water is everywhere, it is in the air that people breathe; it is in the soil, and the ground that people cultivate.\n⑥ Water is the source of this beauty and the source of life on the Earth.\n⑦ Earth looks like a big blue marble.\n⑧ The white clouds above the Earth add beauty to the picture. <u>⑦①⑧④⑥⑤③②</u>','Rearrange the following numbered sentences so that they will read logically. Put the number in the proper sequence and choose the best answer.\n① When you decide on which make an d model you want to buy, you should go to a dealer and test— drive the car see if you like it.\n② Then you should go to one or two other dealers to see if you can get a better price.\n③ When you shop for a new car, you should start by using consumer magazines.\n④ You can read about the advantages and disadvantages of each new car and get an idea of how much you should pay.\n⑤ Sometimes you have to go back and forth several times between dealers to bargain for the best price\n⑥ The salesperson will tell you the sticker price. \n⑦ You can find them in the reference section of a library.\n⑧ You should bargain with the salesperson and make an offer based on what you learned from the consumer magazines. <u>③⑦④①⑥⑧②⑤</u>','Which is the wrong expression of “很高兴收到你的来信。” <u>I am not glad to get your letter.</u>','为了庆祝丽丽和约翰订婚，我将于10月1日，星期六晚八点我家开派对。 <u>I am giving a party at my home on October 1, a Saturday evening, at 8:00, to celebrate Lily’s engagement to John.</u>','希望不久能收到你的来信，并能来参加。 <u>We look forward to hearing from you soon, and hope that you will be able to attend.</u>','希望这不会带给你太大麻烦，谢谢。 <u>Hope this will not cause you too much inconvenience. Thank you.</u>','感谢您六月二十八日来信邀请我们公司参加2000国际商品交易会。 <u>Thank you for your letter of June 28 inviting our corporation to participate in the 2000 International Fair.</u>','我今年26岁，男，已在目前的职位有两年的工作经验。 <u>I am 25 years of age, male and have had two years’ experience in my present post.</u>','我必须对我发脾气表示歉意。 <u>I must make an apology for losing my temper.</u>','我无法告诉您，我是多么的抱歉。 <u>I cannot tell you how sorry I am.</u>','我申请到贵校就读博士学位。 <u>I am writing to you to apply for admission to your University for Doctor’s degree.</u>','非常抱歉，我3：30没能赴约。 <u>I’m terribly sorry I couldn’t make our 3:30 appointment.</u>','首先，请允许我对我的失约表示真诚的歉意。 <u>First of all, please allow me to express my deep sorry for not being able to keep our appointment.</u>']" v-html="t"></li>
</ul>

<ul style="list-style:auto;">
  <li v-for="t in ['Choose the best answer to complete the following sentence.\n<u>Although he is rich</u>, he never burns a hole in his pocket.','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>As tourists, people are expected to learn the traffic rules in a foreign land.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>Car racing is a dangerous sport.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>Temperatures in the western hemisphere are gradually warming.</u>','Choose the one which contains Misplaced Modifiers. <u>Reading the book, my eyes ache from time to time.</u>','Choose the wrong sentence which uses an “–ing” or “–ed” phrase or “to Openers ”. <u>Being hot, he dove into the water.</u>','Chose the one which contains Misplaced Modifiers. <u>Emily decides to go to the supermarket before she goes back home to buy a pen.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nChina has a lot of islands one of that is Taiwan. <u>China has a lot of islands, one of which is Taiwan.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nOne of my greatest joys in life is eating desserts Such as jello, cake or ice cream. <u>One of my greatest joys in life is eating desserts, such as jello, cake or ice cream.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nShe contributes and works for the peace movement in Canada. <u>She contributes to and works for the peace movement in Canada.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nShe saw two homeless cats driving home. <u>Driving home, she saw two homeless cats.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWhile having breakfast, a student came to visit me. <u>While I was having breakfast, a student came to visit me.</u>','Read the following paragraph and choose the topic sentence.\nMany famous people did poorly in school. Famous inventor Thomas Edison, for instance, did so poorly in his first years of school that his teacher warned his parents that he’d never be a success at anything. Similarly, Henry Ford, the father of the auto industry, had trouble in school with both reading and writing. But perhaps the best example is Albert Einstein, whose parents and teachers suspected that he was retarded because he responded to questions so slowly and in a stuttering voice. Einstein’s high school record was poor in everything but math and he failed his college entrance exams the first time. Even out of school the man had trouble holding a job until he announced the theory of relativity. <u>Many famous people did poorly in school.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.\nLiterary persons, even the greatest, are seldom spectacular. Those who lead lives of heroic action have neither the time nor usually the desire, even if they have the ability to express themselves in writing. Those who gallop down valleys of death do not sing about that experience; they leave it to gentle poets living comfortably in country retreats. Moreover, to be a great writer one must spend more of one’s time at a table in the laborious and wholly prosaic act of writing. Few writers attract a Boswell, and unless the details of their lives, their sayings, and their oddities happen to be preserved in writing, they soon become little more than a name. Even with all the elaborate apparatus of modern publicity, few readers could without notice write more of the biography of any living writer than could be contained on a postcard. The word is always so much greater than the man. <u>What writers write is more significant than what they do.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph. \nFirst, there are always customers to be served. I work in a downtown McDonald’s that gets lots of traffic, and as soon as I serve one customer, there is always another one ready to order. There is constant pressure because I can never step back for a few minutes and relax. Second, I have to put together all of the orders myself. To do that, I have to move all over the serving area: French fries on one side, drinks on the other, and burgers in middle. It’s easy to get sloppy and spill a Coke or throw French fries on the floor. Also, I must always move at a fast pace. McDonald’s has an image to uphold, and its workers must scurry （急赶）about like ants. If I don’t move fast enough, some customers will say, \'Hey, speed it up,\' or \'I thought McDonald’s had fast service.\' And with all of this nonstop work, I only get one ten-minute break every two hours. However, ten minutes isn’t enough time to rest and feel like getting back to work. It only gives me enough time to realize how tired I am, so I go back to work depressed. Finally, my manager really keeps the pressure on. He watches us like a hawk, and every time I do something wrong, he seems to catch it. He also has a reputation for firing people, and he never lets any of the workers feel that their jobs are safe. By the end of the day, I’m emotionally and physically drained, like everyone else, and we all head out the door grumbling(喃喃鸣不平的) <u>Working at McDonald’s is very tiring.</u>','Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph. \nI don’t like algebra this semester, and I’m not too fond of history. But I’m enjoying my racquetball （短网拍墙球）class a lot. I’m getting a lot of exercise, and I’m also enjoying the game. We usually play partners and compete in small tournaments within the class. The competition is fun, and playing partners keeps it relaxed. I also have found that I have some ability in racquetball that I haven’t had in other sports. I may sign up for intermediate racquetball next semester. <u>I’m enjoying my racquetball class a lot.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement and avoid Run-on Sentence.\nEnglish is difficult to learn for Bob and Lily. (Periodic sentence) <u>For Bob and Lily, English is difficult to learn.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nHe succeeded through hard work, persistence and maybe also had a bit of luck. (Simple sentence) <u>He is succeeding through hard work, persistence and maybe also a bit of luck.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nI help Tom and Tom helps me. (Simple sentence) <u>Tom and I help each other.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nI want to go to the party. My car has broken down. (Compound sentence) <u>I want to go to the party, but my car has broken down.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nJack is a foreigner, as is evident from his accent. (Loose sentence) <u>Jack is a foreigner. This is evident from his accent.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nJanet is a good singer. Janet is only a normal dancer. (Compound sentence) <u>Janet is a good singer, but she is only a normal dancer.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nKnowing how to study and to learn to arrange time are important for college students. (Parallel structure) <u>Knowing how to study and learning to arrange time are important for college students.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nMy father decided to cut out smoking and drinking at the age of seventy. (Periodic sentence) <u>At the age of seventy, my father decided to cut out smoking and drinking.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nThe student answered the question. The student was Ted. (Complex sentence) <u>The student who answered the question was Ted.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence so that the final emphasis falls on the idea in the clause presented at the beginning of each sentence.\nBanana is one of my favorite fruits. <u>One of my favorite fruits is banana.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence so that the final emphasis falls on the idea in the clause presented at the beginning of each sentence.\nHe has tried every means to save money. <u>To save money, he has tried every means.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence so that the final emphasis falls on the idea in the clause presented at the beginning of each sentence.\nShe glares at me if I go near her desk. <u>If I go near her desk, she glares at me.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence so that the final emphasis falls on the idea in the clause presented at the beginning of each sentence.\nShe went on to listen to the radio after having answered the letter. <u>Having answered the letter, she went on to listen to the radio.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence so that the final emphasis falls on the idea in the clause presented at the beginning of each sentence.\nThe boy was always late because it took so long to get dressed. <u>Because it took so long to get dressed, the boy was always late.</u>']" v-html="t"></li>
</ul>

<ul style="list-style:auto;">
  <li v-for="t in ['2009年6月10日( Choose the wrong one.) <u>10/6/09</u>','All of the following are indispensable in a resume except: <u>work experience and hobbies</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>Smoking indoors causes far more pollution than smoking outdoors.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>There is a vase on the top of the table.</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>first</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>for example</u>','Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. <u>whereas</u>','Choose the correct sentence which is combined from the following sentences.\nPeter went to the cinema. He bought a ticket. He watched the film. The film was very interesting. <u>Peter went to the cinema, bought a ticket, and watched the film that very interesting.</u>','Choose the correct sentence which is combined from the following sentences.\nPeter went to the cinema. He bought a ticket. He watched the film. The film was very interesting. <u>Peter went to the cinema, bought a ticket, and watched the interesting film.</u>','Choose the correct single sentence which is combined from the following sentences.\nShe will marry him. She will do that although he is poor. <u>Emily decides to go to the supermarket before she goes back home to buy a pen.</u>','Choose the correct single sentence which is combined from the following sentences.\nShe will marry him. She will do that although he is poor. <u>Reading the book, my eyes ache from time to time.</u>','Choose the correct single sentence which is combined from the following sentences.\nShe will marry him. She will do that although he is poor. <u>She will marry him although he is poor.</u>','Choose the correct single sentence which is combined from the following sentences.\nShe will marry him. She will do that although he is poor. <u>We have different pies, such as we have apple, cherry, and strawberry pies.</u>','Choose the incorrect one about the heading of a letter from the four options. <u>David Livia\n　369 Qinghua road\n　United States of America\n　Jun. 15, 2009</u>','Choose the one that cannot be used in Precis. <u>One should try to get rid of bad habits.</u>','Choose the one that cannot be used in Precis. <u>She says to herself, “I must do more exercise to keep fit.”</u>','Choose the one that cannot be used in making examples from the following phrases. <u>Then</u>','Choose the one that cannot be used in making examples from the following phrases. <u>take sth. for granted</u>','Choose the one that cannot be used in making examples from the following phrases. <u>②③④⑤</u>','Choose the one that isn’t described in space. <u>I finished my house work in 8:30am.</u>','Choose the one that isn’t described in space. <u>If a person is inactive, it is more likely that he will not burn up all the calories consumed, so obesity can result.</u>','Choose the one that isn’t described in space. <u>first</u>','Choose the one that isn’t described in space. <u>whereas</u>','Choose the one which contains Dangling Modifiers <u>Reading the book, my eyes ache from time to time.</u>','Choose the one which contains Dangling Modifiers <u>To be a good teacher, you should have great patience.</u>','Choose the one which contains Misplaced Modifiers. <u>Emily decides to go to the supermarket before she goes back home to buy a pen.</u>','Choose the one which contains Misplaced Modifiers. <u>I want to take away the book which you showed me yesterday.</u>','Choose the one which is not a transitional word in the following passage.\nCanada and the United States have some differences and similarities. They are both large countries and were once British colonies. They are each industrialized, with a wide range of heavy and light manufacturing plants. Whereas Canada is self- sufficient in oil, however the United States imports most of its energy. Unlike the United States, however, Canada has wealth. While each country is predominantly English speaking, Canada has two official languages— English and French, whereas the United States has only one— English. <u>Then</u>','Choose the one which is not a transitional word in the following passage.\nCanada and the United States have some differences and similarities. They are both large countries and were once British colonies. They are each industrialized, with a wide range of heavy and light manufacturing plants. Whereas Canada is self- sufficient in oil, however the United States imports most of its energy. Unlike the United States, however, Canada has wealth. While each country is predominantly English speaking, Canada has two official languages— English and French, whereas the United States has only one— English. <u>an opportunity to analyze different forms of thinking</u>','Choose the one which is not a transitional word in the following passage.\nCanada and the United States have some differences and similarities. They are both large countries and were once British colonies. They are each industrialized, with a wide range of heavy and light manufacturing plants. Whereas Canada is self- sufficient in oil, however the United States imports most of its energy. Unlike the United States, however, Canada has wealth. While each country is predominantly English speaking, Canada has two official languages— English and French, whereas the United States has only one— English. <u>both</u>','Choose the one which is not a transitional word in the following passage.\nCanada and the United States have some differences and similarities. They are both large countries and were once British colonies. They are each industrialized, with a wide range of heavy and light manufacturing plants. Whereas Canada is self- sufficient in oil, however the United States imports most of its energy. Unlike the United States, however, Canada has wealth. While each country is predominantly English speaking, Canada has two official languages— English and French, whereas the United States has only one— English. <u>for instance</u>','Choose the one which is not a transitional word in the following passage.\nCanada and the United States have some differences and similarities. They are both large countries and were once British colonies. They are each industrialized, with a wide range of heavy and light manufacturing plants. Whereas Canada is self- sufficient in oil, however the United States imports most of its energy. Unlike the United States, however, Canada has wealth. While each country is predominantly English speaking, Canada has two official languages— English and French, whereas the United States has only one— English. <u>②③④⑤</u>','Choose the sentence that cannot be used in the letter of application for a job. <u>I would like to apply for admission to your University for study in the Japanese language.</u>','Choose the sentence that cannot be used in the letter of application for a job. <u>June10，2009</u>','Choose the sentence that cannot be used in the letter of application for a job. <u>“Enclosure “ on the right of the letter</u>','Choose the sentence which cannot be the supporting sentence of the following topic.\nMy handbag. <u>My money is lost.</u>','Choose the topic sentences for the following passage.\nA lack of exercise is one of the major factors contributing to obesity. When we eat, we consume energy. When we exercise, we expend energy— or burn up calories. For example, when we run for an hour, we burn up approximately 450 calories, depending on our body size. When the number of calories we consume exceeds the number we burn up, the excess energy is stored in the body in the form of fat. If a person is inactive, it is more likely that he will not burn up all the calories consumed, so obesity can result. Moreover, studies have shown that inactivity can cause an obese person to expend less energy during a certain activity than a nonobese person. This is because inactivity lowers the basal energy rate. Therefore, if an obese person and a nonobese person try to run one mile, the obese person unused to activity will expend less energy because he has a lower basal energy rate. <u>A lack of exercise is one of the major factors contributing to obesity.</u>','Choose the topic sentences for the following passage.\nA lack of exercise is one of the major factors contributing to obesity. When we eat, we consume energy. When we exercise, we expend energy— or burn up calories. For example, when we run for an hour, we burn up approximately 450 calories, depending on our body size. When the number of calories we consume exceeds the number we burn up, the excess energy is stored in the body in the form of fat. If a person is inactive, it is more likely that he will not burn up all the calories consumed, so obesity can result. Moreover, studies have shown that inactivity can cause an obese person to expend less energy during a certain activity than a nonobese person. This is because inactivity lowers the basal energy rate. Therefore, if an obese person and a nonobese person try to run one mile, the obese person unused to activity will expend less energy because he has a lower basal energy rate. <u>Therefore, if an obese person and a nonobese person try to run one mile, the obese person unused to activity will expend less energy because he has a lower basal energy rate.</u>','Combine each of the following groups of short sentences into the best long sentence you can write. Don’t change any of the key words and don’t leave out any information.\nHe rushed into the burning house. He wanted to save the child. <u>He rushed into the burning house to save the child.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nHe is a villain he has some virtue. <u>Bob wants to either study Japanese or German.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nHe is a villain he has some virtue. <u>By working hard, he got his doctor’s Degree.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nHe is a villain he has some virtue. <u>He is a villain, but he has some virtue.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nHe is a villain he has some virtue. <u>The Smith’s went out for picnic although the bad weather.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMost of people prefer going to work by bus because it is convenient, cheap, and it makes little pollution. <u>He rushed into the burning house and to save the child.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMost of people prefer going to work by bus because it is convenient, cheap, and it makes little pollution. <u>Most of people prefer going to work by bus because it is convenient, cheap, and environmentally friendly(环保的).</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMost of people prefer going to work by bus because it is convenient, cheap, and it makes little pollution. <u>My parents tell me that the cars caused a lot of pollution in the old days, also I am saying that children are healthier now than they used to be.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMost of people prefer going to work by bus because it is convenient, cheap, and it makes little pollution. <u>When we think of famous scientists and inventors, we immediately think of men such as Thomas Edison.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMy parents tell me that the cars caused a lot of pollution in the old days. Also say that children are healthier now than they used to be. <u>Because they make more money than I do, so they think they’re so superior.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMy parents tell me that the cars caused a lot of pollution in the old days. Also say that children are healthier now than they used to be. <u>My parents tell me that the cars caused a lot of pollution in the old days. Also they say that children are healthier now than they used to be.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMy parents tell me that the cars caused a lot of pollution in the old days. Also say that children are healthier now than they used to be. <u>We have a swimming pool on our property but we also have tennis courts.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nMy parents tell me that the cars caused a lot of pollution in the old days. Also say that children are healthier now than they used to be. <u>We have different pies, such as we have apple, cherry, and strawberry pies.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nShe felt ill she went to work however and tried to concentrate. <u>Because they make more money than I do, they think they’re so superior.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nShe felt ill she went to work however and tried to concentrate. <u>He rushed into the burning house and to save the child.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nShe felt ill she went to work however and tried to concentrate. <u>No one knows where the manager is going.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nShe felt ill she went to work however and tried to concentrate. <u>She felt ill. She went to work, however, and tried to concentrate.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWe have a swimming pool on our property we also have tennis courts. <u>Because they make more money than I do, so they think they’re so superior.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWe have a swimming pool on our property we also have tennis courts. <u>He rushed into the burning house to save the child.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWe have a swimming pool on our property we also have tennis courts. <u>She felt ill, she went to work, however, and tried to concentrate.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWe have a swimming pool on our property we also have tennis courts. <u>We have a swimming pool on our property ; we also have tennis courts.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWe have different pies. Such as apple, cherry, and strawberry pies. <u>We have different pies, such as apple, cherry, and strawberry pies.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWe have different pies. Such as apple, cherry, and strawberry pies. <u>We have different pies. Such as are apple, cherry, and strawberry pies.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWhen we think of famous scientists and inventors. We immediately think of men such as Thomas Edison. <u>When we think of famous scientists and inventors, we immediately think of men such as Thomas Edison.</u>','Correct the error in the following sentence.\nWhen we think of famous scientists and inventors. We immediately think of men such as Thomas Edison. <u>When we think of famous scientists and inventors. We then immediately think of men such as Thomas Edison.</u>','Decide which nouns or pronouns in this paragraph should be replaced to achieve coherence and clarity. Choose the correct sentence.( )\nMaria is a quiet, but friendly girl. Maria is always kind to other people. I have never seen her quarreling with others or scolding others. Every student in our class likes to make friends with her, and she treats every classmate with the same kindness and friendliness. She is always ready to help others. Maria’s English is very good, so our classmates like to ask her for help, and she is always very glad to help them. Naturally, she is the most popular with everyone in our class. <u>She English is very good, so our classmates like to ask her for help, and she is always very glad to help them.</u>','Decide which nouns or pronouns in this paragraph should be replaced to achieve coherence and clarity. Choose the correct sentence.( )\nMaria is a quiet, but friendly girl. Maria is always kind to other people. I have never seen her quarreling with others or scolding others. Every student in our class likes to make friends with her, and she treats every classmate with the same kindness and friendliness. She is always ready to help others. Maria’s English is very good, so our classmates like to ask her for help, and she is always very glad to help them. Naturally, she is the most popular with everyone in our class. <u>She is always kind to other people.</u>','Find out the wrong expression and correct it and then choose the best answer.\nDear Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson, \nThe letter is to thank you for the pleasure I had in spending the Christmas vacation in your house. Of the sixteen people at your dinner table on Christmas Day, I was the only one who was not a relative of you, yet you made me feel like a member of the family. \nI found the story of the first Christmas touching and your Christmas dinner delightful. I am writing to my friends to tell them about all this.\nYou made me my first holiday in the Untied States one I will never forget.\nThank you again.\nYour sincerely.\nWang Ping <u>David Livia\n　369 Qinghua road\n　United States of America\n　Jun. 15, 2009</u>','Find out the wrong expression and correct it and then choose the best answer.\nDear Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson, \nThe letter is to thank you for the pleasure I had in spending the Christmas vacation in your house. Of the sixteen people at your dinner table on Christmas Day, I was the only one who was not a relative of you, yet you made me feel like a member of the family. \nI found the story of the first Christmas touching and your Christmas dinner delightful. I am writing to my friends to tell them about all this.\nYou made me my first holiday in the Untied States one I will never forget.\nThank you again.\nYour sincerely.\nWang Ping <u>Sincerely yours,</u>','Find out the wrong expression and correct it and then choose the best answer.\nDear Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson, \nThe letter is to thank you for the pleasure I had in spending the Christmas vacation in your house. Of the sixteen people at your dinner table on Christmas Day, I was the only one who was not a relative of you, yet you made me feel like a member of the family. \nI found the story of the first Christmas touching and your Christmas dinner delightful. I am writing to my friends to tell them about all this.\nYou made me my first holiday in the Untied States one I will never forget.\nThank you again.\nYour sincerely.\nWang Ping <u>With your reference to your advertisement in China daily of March 12 for a teacher, I offer myself for the post.</u>','Find out the wrong expression and correct it and then choose the best answer.\nDear Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson, \nThe letter is to thank you for the pleasure I had in spending the Christmas vacation in your house. Of the sixteen people at your dinner table on Christmas Day, I was the only one who was not a relative of you, yet you made me feel like a member of the family. \nI found the story of the first Christmas touching and your Christmas dinner delightful. I am writing to my friends to tell them about all this.\nYou made me my first holiday in the Untied States one I will never forget.\nThank you again.\nYour sincerely.\nWang Ping <u>telephone number, date of birth</u>','Find out the wrong expression and correct it and then choose the best answer.\nDear Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson, \nThe letter is to thank you for the pleasure I had in spending the Christmas vacation in your house. Of the sixteen people at your dinner table on Christmas Day, I was the only one who was not a relative of you, yet you made me feel like a member of the family. \nI found the story of the first Christmas touching and your Christmas dinner delightful. I am writing to my friends to tell them about all this.\nYou made me my first holiday in the Untied States one I will never forget.\nThank you again.\nYour sincerely.\nWang Ping <u>“Encl.” on the right of the letter</u>','Pick out from the sample list the points that don’t belong to the idea of “reading is good to us” <u>reading costs time and money</u>','Read the following paragraph and choose the irrelevant sentences.\nIn order to learn a foreign language well, it is necessary to overcome the fear of making mistakes. If the primary goal of language use is communication, then mistakes are secondary considerations that may be dealt with gradually as awareness of those mistakes increases. On the other hand, students should not ignore their mistakes. The language learner may observe how native speakers express themselves, and how native expressions differ from the way the learner might say them. In this condition, we should pay more attention to mistakes. For example, a Spanish speaker who has been saying “I do it” to express willingness to do something in the immediate future, could, by interacting with native speakers of English, observe that native speakers actually say “I’ll do it”. The resulting discrepancy can serve as a basis for the student to modify his way of using the present tense in English. But a student who is unwilling to interact in the first place would lose this opportunity to learn by trial and error. <u>In this condition, we should pay more attention to mistakes.</u>','Read the following paragraph and find out the topic sentence.\nMen often say that the person who invented the necktie should have been hanged with it. Women often struggle with pantyhose, girdles and high-heeled shoes. Most of us suffer in the name of fashion. Some health problems, however, are directly caused or aggravated by not dressing for health, warns a professor of family medicine art University of Oklahoma Health Science Center. He said,” the biggest health offender in regard to clothing is shoes. The foot is probably the least respected part of the body. People buy shoes foe style, not for comfort. Frequently, the shoes are too narrow, have inadequate cushioning in the soles, or are ill-fitting. This can lead to everything from tired feet, corn, and calluses to serious foot problems that require surgery.” <u>Some health problems, however, are directly caused or aggravated by not dressing for health, warns a professor of family medicine art University of Oklahoma Health Science Center.</u>','Read the following passage carefully and compose a “sentence outline” for it.\nLearning to Swim\nSwimming is a good exercise for our health. It does not only strengthen the muscles but also makes the body pliable and slender. An increasing number of people realize this now and try to learn swimming. Unfortunately many find it hard and give it up halfway. In fact, as long as you master the preliminary skills of swimming and practice it continually, you’ll find swimming easy and enjoyable.\nBefore going into water, some warm-up exercise on the bank is necessary. You can start from learning to regulate your balance of breath. Draw a deep breath, then breathe it out as slowly as you can. This exercise helps you stay under water longer and prevents drowning. Keep doing this for a few minutes and then combine it with practicing the upper limbs. Take breaststroke for example. Put the palms together in front of your chest and push forward. Part the palms and swing them sideways with your fingers close to each other. That’ll bring your palms back to the chest. Repeat the cycle.\nNow you are ready to practice the movements in water. You must be brave. Fear of water is the main barrier in learning swimming. To overcome the fear, you can wear a life jacket which can make floating easier. Simply put into practice what you learned with your arms. Breathe in with every pushing forward; breathe out during the course of circling your arms. In the meanwhile, lift your body horizontally and move your legs in the same way as frogs do in water. You may find with a pleasant surprise that you can swim.\nRepeat the series of actions until you are confident in throwing away the life jacket. Once you have learned this basic movement, it is easy to try floating on water, a must for a swimmer.\nLike other skills, swimming requires courage, persistence and practice. “Practice makes perfect.” Usually it takes two weeks to a month to learn swimming. When you can swim freely, you’ll enjoy the voluptuous touch of water on your body. But don’t forget the tips. Before you become a skilled swimmer, stay in the shallow water. Second, whenever and wherever you swim, be sure to be in the sight of people. After all, safety comes first. <u>（Ⅰ）Introduction: Swimming is a good exercise for our health.\n1. It strengthens the muscles and makes the body pliable and slender.\n2. You’ll find swimming easy if you master the preliminary skills and keep practicing.\n（Ⅱ）Before going into water, you need some warm-up exercise on the bank.\n1. Draw a deep breath, then breathe it out as slowly as you can.\n2. After doing this for a few minutes, combine it with practicing the upper limbs.\n（Ⅲ）Practice the movements in water.\n1. Lift your body horizontally and move your legs like frogs.\n2. Put into practice what you learned with your arms.\n3. Repeat the series of actions until you can float on water.\n（Ⅳ）Conclusion: Swimming requires courage, persistence and practice.</u>','Rearrange the following numbered sentences so that they will read logically and select the best answer from the following four options.\n① In the first, Smith will gain a large inheritance if his six-year-old cousin dies.\n② Like Smith, Jones sneaks in planning to drown the child in his bath. \n③ Seeing this, Jones is very delighted.\n④ Let’s consider this pair of cases.\n⑤ However, just as he enters the bathroom Jones sees the child slip and hit his head, and fall face down in the water.\n⑥ In the second, Jones also will gain a lot of money if his six-year-old cousin dies.\n⑦ With only a little thrashing about, the child drowns all by himself, “accidentally”, as Jones watches and does nothing.\n⑧ Now, the question is: “What is the difference between them? Who behaves better?”\n⑨ One evening while the child is bathing, Smith snakes into the bathroom and drowns the child, and then arranges things so that it will look like an accident. <u>Most smoker know about the risk of smoking.</u>','Rearrange the following numbered sentences so that they will read logically and select the best answer from the following four options.\n① In the first, Smith will gain a large inheritance if his six-year-old cousin dies.\n② Like Smith, Jones sneaks in planning to drown the child in his bath. \n③ Seeing this, Jones is very delighted.\n④ Let’s consider this pair of cases.\n⑤ However, just as he enters the bathroom Jones sees the child slip and hit his head, and fall face down in the water.\n⑥ In the second, Jones also will gain a lot of money if his six-year-old cousin dies.\n⑦ With only a little thrashing about, the child drowns all by himself, “accidentally”, as Jones watches and does nothing.\n⑧ Now, the question is: “What is the difference between them? Who behaves better?”\n⑨ One evening while the child is bathing, Smith snakes into the bathroom and drowns the child, and then arranges things so that it will look like an accident. <u>There is a vase on the top of the table.</u>','Rearrange the following numbered sentences so that they will read logically and select the best answer from the following four options.\n① In the first, Smith will gain a large inheritance if his six-year-old cousin dies.\n② Like Smith, Jones sneaks in planning to drown the child in his bath. \n③ Seeing this, Jones is very delighted.\n④ Let’s consider this pair of cases.\n⑤ However, just as he enters the bathroom Jones sees the child slip and hit his head, and fall face down in the water.\n⑥ In the second, Jones also will gain a lot of money if his six-year-old cousin dies.\n⑦ With only a little thrashing about, the child drowns all by himself, “accidentally”, as Jones watches and does nothing.\n⑧ Now, the question is: “What is the difference between them? Who behaves better?”\n⑨ One evening while the child is bathing, Smith snakes into the bathroom and drowns the child, and then arranges things so that it will look like an accident. <u>whereas</u>','Rearrange the following numbered sentences so that they will read logically and select the best answer from the following four options.\n① In the first, Smith will gain a large inheritance if his six-year-old cousin dies.\n② Like Smith, Jones sneaks in planning to drown the child in his bath. \n③ Seeing this, Jones is very delighted.\n④ Let’s consider this pair of cases.\n⑤ However, just as he enters the bathroom Jones sees the child slip and hit his head, and fall face down in the water.\n⑥ In the second, Jones also will gain a lot of money if his six-year-old cousin dies.\n⑦ With only a little thrashing about, the child drowns all by himself, “accidentally”, as Jones watches and does nothing.\n⑧ Now, the question is: “What is the difference between them? Who behaves better?”\n⑨ One evening while the child is bathing, Smith snakes into the bathroom and drowns the child, and then arranges things so that it will look like an accident. <u>④①⑨⑥②⑤③⑧⑦</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nBob wants either to study Japanese or study German. (parallel structure) <u>Bob wants to study either Japanese or German.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nBob wants either to study Japanese or study German. (parallel structure) <u>Peter went to the cinema, bought a ticket, and watched the interesting film.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nBob wants either to study Japanese or study German. (parallel structure) <u>She will marry him although poor he is.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nBob wants either to study Japanese or study German. (parallel structure) <u>The Smith’s went out for picnic although the bad weather.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nHe worked hard. He got his doctor’s Degree. (simple sentence) <u>By worked hard, he got his doctor’s Degree.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nHe worked hard. He got his doctor’s Degree. (simple sentence) <u>By working hard, he got his doctor’s Degree.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nThe Smith’s went out for picnic in spite of the bad weather.(periodic sentence) <u>In spite of the bad weather, the Smith’s went out for picnic.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement.\nThe Smith’s went out for picnic in spite of the bad weather.(periodic sentence) <u>In spite the bad weather the Smith’s went out for picnic.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement. \nThe manager is going to some place, but no one knows.(complex sentence) <u>No one knows where the manager is going.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence according to the requirement. \nThe manager is going to some place, but no one knows.(complex sentence) <u>The manager is going to the place what no one knows.</u>','Rewrite the following sentence so that the final emphasis falls on the idea in the clause presented at the beginning of each sentence.\nThey think they’re so superior because they make more money than I do. <u>Because they make more money than I do, they think they’re so superior.</u>','What does the following paragraph talk about?\nThe old do not have to look exclusively to the past. Relieved of some of life’s responsibilities and fortified by many years of experience and knowledge, they may have a much better idea of how to spend their time enjoyably than they did in their youth. And not all enjoyment is restricted to the mental or philosophical. Healthy physical activity remains quite possible for most of us well into our later years. <u>Knowing better how to enjoy life.</u>','What does the following paragraph talk about?\nThe old do not have to look exclusively to the past. Relieved of some of life’s responsibilities and fortified by many years of experience and knowledge, they may have a much better idea of how to spend their time enjoyably than they did in their youth. And not all enjoyment is restricted to the mental or philosophical. Healthy physical activity remains quite possible for most of us well into our later years. <u>Psychotherapy effective with some of the old.</u>','What does the following paragraph talk about?\nWe all have first impression of someone we just met. But why? Why do we form an opinion about someone without really knowing anything about him or her – aside perhaps from a few remarks or readily observable traits? The answer is related to how your brain allows you to be aware of the world. Your brain is so sensitive in picking up facial traits, even very minor difference in a how a person’s eyes, ears, nose, or mouth are placed in relation to each other make you see him or her as different. In fact, your brain continuously processes incoming sensory information – the sights and sounds of your world. Theses incoming “signals” are compared against a host of “memories” stored in the brain areas called the cortex （大脑皮层）system to determine what these new signals “mean”. <u>Freedom in expression.</u>','What does the following paragraph talk about?\nWe all have first impression of someone we just met. But why? Why do we form an opinion about someone without really knowing anything about him or her – aside perhaps from a few remarks or readily observable traits? The answer is related to how your brain allows you to be aware of the world. Your brain is so sensitive in picking up facial traits, even very minor difference in a how a person’s eyes, ears, nose, or mouth are placed in relation to each other make you see him or her as different. In fact, your brain continuously processes incoming sensory information – the sights and sounds of your world. Theses incoming “signals” are compared against a host of “memories” stored in the brain areas called the cortex （大脑皮层）system to determine what these new signals “mean”. <u>He is a villain and he has some virtue.</u>','What does the following paragraph talk about?\nWe all have first impression of someone we just met. But why? Why do we form an opinion about someone without really knowing anything about him or her – aside perhaps from a few remarks or readily observable traits? The answer is related to how your brain allows you to be aware of the world. Your brain is so sensitive in picking up facial traits, even very minor difference in a how a person’s eyes, ears, nose, or mouth are placed in relation to each other make you see him or her as different. In fact, your brain continuously processes incoming sensory information – the sights and sounds of your world. Theses incoming “signals” are compared against a host of “memories” stored in the brain areas called the cortex （大脑皮层）system to determine what these new signals “mean”. <u>She is a quiet, but friendly girl.</u>','What does the following paragraph talk about?\nWe all have first impression of someone we just met. But why? Why do we form an opinion about someone without really knowing anything about him or her – aside perhaps from a few remarks or readily observable traits? The answer is related to how your brain allows you to be aware of the world. Your brain is so sensitive in picking up facial traits, even very minor difference in a how a person’s eyes, ears, nose, or mouth are placed in relation to each other make you see him or her as different. In fact, your brain continuously processes incoming sensory information – the sights and sounds of your world. Theses incoming “signals” are compared against a host of “memories” stored in the brain areas called the cortex （大脑皮层）system to determine what these new signals “mean”. <u>comparing incoming sensory information against memories</u>','When you send something along with your letter, such as a check, a receipt etc. ,you should write <u>“Enclosure” or ” Encl.” on the left of the letter blow the signature</u>.','Which are the supporting sentences in the following paragraph?\nWhat has caused these changes? ①There are mainly three reasons. ②First, people are much wealthier than before. With higher income, they can afford to buy nutritious foods. ③Second, people have realized the importance of a balanced diet to their health. Lack of certain amount of meat or milk, for example, will result in poor health.④ Finally, owing to the economic reform, meat and milk, which were scarce in the past, are produced in large quantities.⑤ <u>A lack of exercise is one of the major factors contributing to obesity.</u>','Which are the supporting sentences in the following paragraph?\nWhat has caused these changes? ①There are mainly three reasons. ②First, people are much wealthier than before. With higher income, they can afford to buy nutritious foods. ③Second, people have realized the importance of a balanced diet to their health. Lack of certain amount of meat or milk, for example, will result in poor health.④ Finally, owing to the economic reform, meat and milk, which were scarce in the past, are produced in large quantities.⑤ <u>Freedom in expression.</u>','Which are the supporting sentences in the following paragraph?\nWhat has caused these changes? ①There are mainly three reasons. ②First, people are much wealthier than before. With higher income, they can afford to buy nutritious foods. ③Second, people have realized the importance of a balanced diet to their health. Lack of certain amount of meat or milk, for example, will result in poor health.④ Finally, owing to the economic reform, meat and milk, which were scarce in the past, are produced in large quantities.⑤ <u>She is a quiet, but friendly girl.</u>','Which are the supporting sentences in the following paragraph?\nWhat has caused these changes? ①There are mainly three reasons. ②First, people are much wealthier than before. With higher income, they can afford to buy nutritious foods. ③Second, people have realized the importance of a balanced diet to their health. Lack of certain amount of meat or milk, for example, will result in poor health.④ Finally, owing to the economic reform, meat and milk, which were scarce in the past, are produced in large quantities.⑤ <u>an opportunity to analyze different forms of thinking</u>','Which are the supporting sentences in the following paragraph?\nWhat has caused these changes? ①There are mainly three reasons. ②First, people are much wealthier than before. With higher income, they can afford to buy nutritious foods. ③Second, people have realized the importance of a balanced diet to their health. Lack of certain amount of meat or milk, for example, will result in poor health.④ Finally, owing to the economic reform, meat and milk, which were scarce in the past, are produced in large quantities.⑤ <u>③④⑤</u>','Which does not belong to Transitional Signals in the description of “my dormitory”?\nMy dormitory is a nice place. When you come into the room, you will notice the white long curtain first. Then you will catch sight of some colorful flowers on the desk. In addition, you will see a bright glass on the wall, some little tools here and there, and so on. All of the things on my dormitory room look wonderful. <u>here and there</u>','Which does not belong to Transitional Signals in the description of “my dormitory”?\nMy dormitory is a nice place. When you come into the room, you will notice the white long curtain first. Then you will catch sight of some colorful flowers on the desk. In addition, you will see a bright glass on the wall, some little tools here and there, and so on. All of the things on my dormitory room look wonderful. <u>①③④⑤</u>','Which one need not to use capitalization? <u>proper names</u>','Which one need not to use capitalization? <u>the word of each sentence</u>']" v-html="t"></li>
</ul>